For my money this is the best place in Madison to get a gyro.  The place is a little shady and hasn't been updated since it was built, but you'll get a lot of good food for not a lot of cash and you will get it with a smile and that makes all the difference.  The gyros are essentially the same as Parthenon and, for that matter, 99% of all gyro places.  I go with the gyro dinner, however, which is double the meat and is absolutely glorious in all of its artery clogging goodness.  I've never tried any of their other items, but they have your usual deep fried fare if you are so inclined.  Also, the owner always seems to be there and in a friendly mood as opposed to the dour S.O.B.s downtown.
After reading other Yelp reviews, I decided to try Dimitri's, unfortunately. The gyro meat was bland...gyros are not meant to be BLAND! We also tried the so-called spinach pie. Again, it's pretty bland and seems like it came from a grocery store freezer. It isn't actually *bad*...it's just not *good*... so I gave it two stars. There is much better food in Madison.

If you want gyros, go to the Parthenon.
If you want spinach pie, go to Med Cafe.
If you're on the East side and you're desperate, go to Dimitri's.
The Matador must be a Phoenix landmark for a reason. My guess is location, location, location. They've been serving better-than-average Mexican classics to hungry bankers, construction workers and sports fans for over 25 years. We've been here after games twice and I can say there is definitely better Mexican food out there. But the food was tasty -- especially the chips and hot salsa. On the down side, service is poor and the highlight of the dark, 70's decor is the kitschy matador mural on the wall.
I have been to the Matador for both lunch (it's short walk from the courthouse when you have jury duty) and at night when it becomes a latin club, all I can say is... 

*holds hand out and wiggles it in a 'so-so' motion*

With both the food and the club, it's nothing bad, but nothing to write home about.
My family have been going to Matador since before my parents were born! LOL! it's the truth! It used be the smallest little hole in the wall and is now a great place to eat when downtown.

It can be a bee-yotch in a half to find a parking space on the street so I always head straight for the garage. When you enter the doors, it's a large place from another time.

And this is so because this place hasn't been redecorated since before I was born! I admit it's not the chicist place, but then again, pretentious places suck! But if you go, I insist on a booth near the window! It's a great feeling, so just sit and relax in the indirect light and munch on the free chips and salsa (which is BEST when the two salsas are mixed together with a light dash of salt! I prefer two parts mild to one part hot!)  cuz well... it might be a while before your server will come to take ur order!

The service isn't the greatest and I don't recommend going when in a rush. I particularlly like the combination dinner. You can any three out of several items with rice & beans. My fav is two beef tacos, cheese enchilada w/ rice & beans. :) Sometimes when i'm the mood for something different, I get the Greek Gyro platter! it's AMAZING!! I've only had gyros in two places, so i'm no inficianado, but it's still good!! 

I'd go in the late afternoon and early evening when it's not so busy. Avoid the lunchtime rush. Mix ur salsas and enjoy!!
I went here awhile ago and have been meaning to write a review ever since. I went with my family when they were in town. 

I'm a sucker for a strong margarita and good guacamole and I was fairly unimpressed by both at the Matador. The ambiance was kinda nice. It had a weird feel for a Mexican restaurant, but I'm into variety so that was ok.

Basically, it was average. Not spectacular. The fact that (I hear) it's a family place that's been around forever does definitely lend some cred to it (for me at least). But I would say it didn't wow me by any means.
I go here often for just one thing---The Menudo!  It is a Mexican version of Vietnamese Fau(sp?) Soup.  I get all the fixin's with it: red pepper flakes, oregano, lemon wedges, chopped onions, and cilantro!  

Mixed all together and spoon away!  They ask you if you want corn or four tortillas...I get the corn, which adds more flavor to the experience, then a bland flour tortilla will.  Menudo at this restaurant, is served all through the week, though typically at other Mexican food restaurants, it is served primarily on Saturday and Sunday...Not sure why?
The seating can hold large parties of up to thirty or more or a comfy couple....The setting is strangely old, and on Sundays there is a Mariachi band that comes around and woos you to another time and space in Mexicana Latin Style and flair!
Parking is a pain, so be ready to walk a distance from the parking garage.  Service is so-so....You have to sometimes hunt down the waiter for coke refills....
Let me preface this by saying that I LOVE Mexican food......and its really hard (in my opinion) to f*$k it up!

My girlfriend and I decided to try this local establishment this past weekend....couldn't have been much more disappointed!

It was busy....some local convention going down in the area...anyhow, we were sat quickly....

Our drink order was taken...had to custom order our Margs....I mean who still drinks them with sweet and sour??  So we got them (after what seemed like an eternity!)

OK.....this was the one good thing about the experience.....the margs were top notch!  (but you have to remember....tequila, cointreau and lime juice...that's it NOTHING more....)

Now...on to the food....if I had to choose one word to sum it up.....wait for it....wait for it....ATROCIOUS!!

The chips were good but the salsa sucked....tasted like pizza sauce, I mean really how hard is good salsa...

I ordered.....carne asada....
....a staple in the catalog of good Mexican fair....but  NO...it was horrible (believe it or not, I'm being kind here!)  It was a cut of meat that I'd never seen served in this capacity.......not sure what the h&ll it was...only thing I know for sure, it was bad....over cooked, and chewy...how does that happen?

Luckily, my patient and lovely girlfriend decided on the Chicken fajitas......thank god!
they were at least a 7 on the scale....so we filled up on those...every once and a while taking a bite of my less than stellar second place dish!

The beans were 'ok'...the rice...well lets just say that the "San Fransisco
treat' could have been a better showing!

Side note.....some one should let these people in on something...the "leather' aprons that the bussers wear.....yeah, you guessed it...they look straight out of Hostel....you know, the ones that the killers wore.....not really "setting the atmosphere" if you ask me!

All in all....the only reason I can give them two stars instead of one....the Margs.....great drinks can do a LOT to improve a bad experience!

Do yourself a favor.....skip this one all together.....

Second side note....all the 'best of Phoenix' awards don't mean squat.....if they are from the early 80's....
Been here twice, and I cant say either time was a thrilling experience. One thing I can say as a plus is the bartenders at lunch are always friendly and quick. The food so, not so great. I can never eat it all, the portions are extremely generous, but it's never very high quality. Just kinda seems like it is coming from a slop kitchen, and not really fit for a human. The house margaritas are actually pretty good, and a fair value. I recommend hanging out with a margarita and some chips and salsa (also pretty good) and then moving elsewhere for dinner. Call me crazy, but restaurants that leave me feeling sluggish and greasy are never my favorites.
I wanted sushi and was willing to drive my friends to PV for Yasu Sushi Bistro (highly recommended by me!) but they were too tired and wanted something within a block or two of the Hyatt. 

They asked the concierge, who recommended this place as very good! 

Has she ever had good Mexican food, or is she getting kickbacks?

The Matador Restaurant is across from the Hyatt Hotel, in the center of downtown. It has been in business since 1976, is large, and IMO, "Bleh".

It is owned by a Greek Family for one. All 32 years. All the Mexican dishes and specialites were mostly from one of their first cooks. Great, make your cook create all the recipes for authentic dishes and you make all the money. There is even a small Greek section of the menu which offers low end Greek dishes (Gyros Sandwich, Gyros Plate, Greek salad, Feta Cheese plate, and something called Shrimp a-la Mike!)

The menu has print so small, only a search light and magnifying glass can decipher it. 

They do have some authentic dishes, like menudo, carnitas, lengua con chile verde; and the basics like enchiladas, tacos, tamales, tostadas, chimichangas, carne asada, chalupas, fajitas and flautas. 

They bring you chips and two types of salsa. We ordered (extra) guacamole, and it didn't taste or look very fresh, like they mixed a jar of paste with a couple of avacadoes. The Margaritas were uninspired and weak. 

I tried the Machacas (sauteed shredded beef) which was moist but lacked flavor, and was supposed to be with green chilis, tomatos, and onions with rice and beans for $10.95). 3 others in my group were unimpressed with the food, and they were French Canadien (So what do they know about Mexican food, except when it isn't good!).

They also have steaks and chicken dishes, but why bother? 

The food was passable but would not entice you to come again, unless you got drunk at a ball game at the local Chase Field stadium and were starving.
I am mexican...and I know mexican food.

Food here is greasy and old.

I was there three times while at a conference at the convention center...I stayed the night at the Hyatt during the time.

I ordered Chicken Flautas and the plate came with rice and beans.  The rice was dry and looked as if it was at least 2 days old..left in the open air..the top of it was dry crusty...yuck.  I felt the food was slopped on my plate and it was VERY greasy.  Place is very casual..but the carpets are REALLY dirty and smelly...almost as if someone urinated in the dark corners...this place converts to a night club on certain nights..so maybe thats why the place smells like spilled drinks and vomit and urine in the dark corners.....

Drinks were delish.... the Bartender Pamela is a sweetheart and the only reason I gave this place a 2nd and 3rd chance...I mainly went there for the free appetizers and sat at the bar and talked to Pamela while she served me yummy sweet drinks!  You can't get a bartender like her ANYWHERE!! just wish the food was better!
This place has the weirdest fish tacos I've ever had... they were good.

The grilled cod was ground up and mixed with cilantro and green onions (kind of like taco meat). It was well spiced and pretty good.

Other than that, the most remarkable thing about this place is how long it has survived downtown. It's fine in a pinch, but definitely not a destination.
the bf and finally decided to brave the LR to go downtown...well to get out of the house. i tried recommending some places i liked along the rail to hit up for lunch, but he was set on trying something new for our "journey of personal discovery" as we had began referring to our LR adventure.
got off at jefferson/washington and central/first ave since there's plenty of lunch spots. right away i honed in on thai elephant, a place i wanted to try out, but since we were in that off between lunch and happy hour time downtown, it was closed for another hour. continued to meander til we found matador. $9 enchiladas isn't normally my take on mexican food, but the $10 pitcher of margaritas sold us.
for quite possibly the first time in my life, i was not in the mood for mexican food. i can't explain. fortunately this place has alternatives, but more than like the usual one burger on every mexican menu (i always wondered who goes to a mexican restaurant and orders a burger - damn, i was gonna be one of those people? i wasn't sure how i felt about this) but they also had like french dips, and tuna sandwiches and gyros?!?! i guess since it's downtown they're going for a "catch-all" crowd of lunchers. i braved the gyro - a risky move, but i banked on "homemade cucumber dressing" that came with it.
shocking - it was delicious. the pita was toasty golden, with plenty of thinly sliced, bacon shaped pieces of gyro, along with onion, tomato, pickle (weird) and fries. the food came out literally two minutes after we ordered, so it was HOT and good. the BF got the colorado burrito (when he asked the server, who seemed out of sorts and older - maybe the manager called in to replace a no show?, she seemed confused by his calling it exactly as it appeared on the menu, then said "oh, the burro." look lady, a burrito and a burro is the same goddamn thing, condensend me, man...)
anyway, he ate the whole damn plate of enormous burrito and said it was good, but the "chili"-like filing she described he compared to dinty moore. ouch. well, my gyro from a mexican place was delicious, so we'll call it at wash at2.5 stars? was three, knocked a star because the margaritas had little to no tequila and was a waste of $10, got another half a star back bc that was seriously a delicious gyro sandwich.
I wont be back here again,  Ever.    Can one give less that 1 star? 

It is a bummer as I used to frequent this place as it is conveniently located for me.  Pamela the bartender is a sweetheart and works hard to recognize people by name.   Personalized service like hers helped me to overlook issues like the significant cleanliness challenges that are easy to spot if you look around.   If you think I am joking go into the bar and look up a the light fixtures.   That fuzzy stuff is probably 10+ years of dust.  Carpets are dingy and smells like old beer.  This place rocks as a nightclub on weekends I dont think that cleanliness is the priority......anyhow....I spent a lot of money there over the years, mainly for lunch or after work cocktails with friends.  Never more..... not because of the issues outlined above, but it is beacuse how I was treated when visiting the establishment not long ago.   Pamela was not working that day (sadly) and the male bartender decided that he was more interested in lecturing me on his beliefs than he was in serving my drinks and taking my money.  He had an issue, and apparently I was the target and cause of his rantings.   He was sad about the lack of customers and decided it was my fault as I mentioned I worked downtown.   His rants about downtown businesses was unorthodox and uncalled for.   I drank my beer and hurried out reminding myself never to set foot in the place again.  No wonder they are lacking for customers.    There are more and more restaurants downtown.  Time to step it up or get out of the way Matador!
Stopped by for breakfast. Sat outside. Promptly served 2 glasses of ice water and a menu. Chose Bacon & Eggs for $8.95. Ridiculous price, but came with beans and hash browns and thick-sliced, very fresh, bakery bread toast. Ordered soda which came half-way through my meal. My server, Jesus, who was very hard to understand, explained it was due to "macheen broke".  Food came within minutes of ordering and was decent. Generous amount (6) thick-sliced bacon. Only complaint is, Jesus never returned to replenish my water, or collect the check. Employees do convey an "anxious-to-serve" approach, but seem rattled, confused and "tripping-over-each-other" for your attention. Nice and refreshing to see, but strangely executed. Friendly, and welcoming. Overall, just o.k.
Dined with a good friend of mine while in town, so the slow(ish) service was no bother. Actually, we had good service. They were on top of my need for water with lots of ice.

Lisa had the chile rellanos and she said they were good. The portion was large and she took about half home.

I got the chimichanga. It was a delight. The meat was done perfectly and was very flavorful and not at all bland. Usually my rice goes uneaten, but this rice was about the best Mexican rice I've ever had. The beans were as I like them; full of cheese. 

They have 2 sauces that come with the chips, one a chipotle, which I'm not a fan of, the other a spicy red which I slathered on top of my food.

I'm sort of shocked at the low stars this place has gotten. My experience was grand and that's no bull! (Matador; bull; get it?)
OMG NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!

like Grand Master Flash said about the white lines "Don't Do It"
Rang dang diggedy dang di-dang 
Diggedy dang di-dang diggedy dang di-dang

my Torta Burro had no flava-dang, i was sad panda mang

this business has been in operation too long and clearly the owners (i doubt the original owners) stopped giving a shit. if they did the average rating wouldn't be 2.5 stars. i remember this place as a kid, i don't remember ever eating here. so i really cannot comment on how great it was. but like Sing High, the downtown nostalgia restaurants are extremely scary. just avoid this...it's not good. my plate looked sad, just a naked burro with a side of hashbrowns that were hardly crispy anywhere. the salsa was tasty, but i would hardly add a star to it. the service was compitant, but i couldn't understand her. i couldn't blame my ADD on it. my friend liked the menudo, but i wouldn't make that a saving grace for this place. cool logo on the building. very retro..but do not be fooled by it.
I went out to Matadors with my friend Sara on a Sunday night. Walking into Matadors is like walking into a super Wal-Mart at 2am; empty, Large and impressive. There was more staff standing around than patrons. We sat at the bar and I whipped my computer out to start my meeting and ordered an ala Carte seafood burrito and a bottle of beer. Sara's attempt to sober up with water is acknowledged and ridiculed for a few seconds I get into my meeting and the food comes. The seafood inside of the burrito was not really seafood at all. Sara describes the mash inside the wrapped tortilla as consuming half cooked sea monkeys. The only saving grace on this boring tasteless plate was the refried beans. Soft and cheesy, the beans saved the day. I order another dos equis lager and put my attention back to my online meeting. From the corner of my ear I hear the twinkling keys of the old time piano in the corner. I look up to see Sara stroking the ivories in the dark corner of the bar. She is on the phone with her mother excited she can remember a tune played when she was a child. We leave Matadors with... "Let's blow this taco stand"... The bill was less than $30 bucks.
I've only ever had breakfast here so I can't speak to the rest of the menu on any given day.  That being said this was the 3rd time.  I love their Chorizo and eggs, flavors o'plenty.  Yes I am a fan and will continue to be.  The place is very clean and the servers gave me all the attention I could possible stand.  Parking as with any downtown eatery could be a little problematic but quite doable if you allow enough time.  This is one of those favorite places that you go to again and again when your coming from out of town and you don't want to eat at a chain establishment and want some local fair... I travel a fair amount an you can't get a breakfast like this in the mid-west or back east.  It's always truly enjoyable.
This place would be out of business if it were not located next to 3 hotels and the convention center. It is not completely horrible, but I would recommend walking a few blocks up to Arizona Center complex where they have 3 or 4 different choices. If you are staying at the hotels and need some quick take out, sure this place will work (across the street). But if you are on vacation and planning a sit down dinner, don't waste one of your few vaca nights here.
I like the Matador. The food is not Gourmet, but everyone in our group enjoyed it. The prices are reasonable ($10-12 entree and sides). Some of the wait staff is a but slow, but the place is enjoyable and if you are not in a hurry, just sit back and enjoy. It is actually Greek owned and the Shrimp a-la-Mike is an amazing dish that I have cravings for. I usually order the Combination Mexican plate. The bar is rather eclectic. The patio is great when the weather is nice. Park in the Garage (enter on 2nd. Street off Adams) and get them to validate and it is only a couple bucks. I hope my review helps you see there are issues, but also it is a place that I look forward to going to just know what to expect and you will enjoy it.
So this isn't the best Mexican food in town by far, but it isn't the worst either.  My sister works just down the street from here, so we have met for lunch there a handful of times.  The decor is pretty old school and the menu is kinda all over the place with Mexican and American dishes, but they do the stand-bys pretty well.

The lunch specials are really the only reason we go back....Two Enchiladas with rice and beans is like $6 on Thursdays...and the service is so fast that if you are in a rush, you can still go to a sit-down place.  They have been there forever, so they must be doing something right.
UPDATE:  The El Matador closed its doors in March 2012 http://www.azfamily.com/news/Matadors-Restarant-Closing-Down-144045526.html

I remember the old rival El Matador / Nogales restaurants from the 70's (and much earlier) and lament the urban renewal that destroyed the best and cheapest mexican food in town.  They were neighboring, competitor businesses owned by branches of the same family.  They had separate entrances but you could go from one to another through a doorway toward the back.

Alas, the Matador family-branch took the buyout money and rebuilt across the street from the also-rebuilt  Adams Hotel downtown.  It fancied up, raised the prices, and went all to hell.  The decor is nice and the music soundtrack is excellent. 

I only go there anymore on Sundays, from 10am to 1pm, for the free mariachi show.  It is a very good group, Mariachi Tierra del Sol, of seven or eight musicians (hence the extra star).  I get the overpriced, blah breakfast just to enjoy the tunes.  I must say that they serve a pretty good cocido, only on Sundays, that is not on the menu...ask for it.

If it were not for the, downtown-captive businessmen and conventioneers, this place would have closed long ago.  The mariachi bring in a crowd on Sundays, after church, especially around Mexican national holidays.  It is probably a nice place for drinking, the bar is quite attractive.  

Maybe they have to keep prices up to stay open in the iffy downtown market and "americanize" the mexican food for the damyankee business visitors, transplants and snowbirds.   

I suppose the Nogales Restaurant branch of the family just took the money and retired.

With the economy crash and the impact of SB1070 this is one of only three places left in the Valley with a regularly scheduled mariachi show.   Go on Sunday for the show
I have been here for lunch and dinner. Nothing fantastic, but i always left full and satisfied. I enjoy the chips and salsa and the mexican food is ok. I've had better and worse. I haven't tried the greek food there (yeah wierd..greek and mexican on the same menu) but my buddy tried the gyro and enjoyed it. The service has always been good and the food is relatively inexpensive. Its also walking distance to any event in downtown Phoenix and they have a full bar so if you want drinks before a concert of game they got you covered.
I've been here several times for various work lunches.  While this is never my first pick, I don't mind eating here.  Typically, the service seems a little slow during lunch (even when they are not very busy), so don't go if you are short on time.  While most people go for the Mexican food, which I think is OK, I heard once the owners are actually Greek and that is why there are some Greek items on the menu.  Not sure if that is true, but I decided to try something a little lighter than my usual Mexican dish.  Surprisingly they have a really good Greek Salad and pita bread!
Six of us stopped in here for lunch earlier this week.  Our service was actually quite good, maybe because we got there at about 11:30.  An hour later the place was jam packed.  They do have a take out counter if you're in a time crunch.

They had quite the variety on their menu, Greek, burgers...even grilled cheese!  My friends told me they'd disown me if I ordered grilled cheese at a Mexican restaurant, so I got the chicken fajita salad.  This salad was so big they had to carry it out on it's own platter.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and all the veggies were fresh.  The other folks at my table ordered some of the $6 specials of the day (tacos and burritos) and those looked really tasty as well.
As a tourist we stopped here before leaving the Phoenix area. It had great parking garage above the Restaurant and was told by someone that it would be validated. Turned out the Restaurant only validates half of if. Ugggh. 
Went in side, cool looking place. Fairly packed on a Sunday. Ordered our food with a nice waitress. We had chips, very watery salsa. Not very good. Our food came out fairly fast, and then the Mariachi started I really liked that. My lil niece enjoyed it as well. 
The food was good and satisfying. But the did notice the menu is all over the place. Burgers, sandwiches, Mexican food. If I am in that area again, I would go back to try again.
The food was good - nothing extra special.  I like that you get guacamole with your meal and that they have lingua on the menu.  I will have to go back and try it.  

The things I did not like were they sat our group of 10 right by the server station.  It's awkward to overhear their conversations.  

The service seemed a bit lackluster.  It was almost as if they were not intrested in a big group coming in.  Our server was pretty good, but not overly friendly.  I will definately try this place again and update.
One of my favorite places for breakfast. Go for the chorizo con huevos or huevos rancheros. Noms!!
What's a matador? 
Nothing fella I just don't want to open up because the food behind me is horrible.

Seriously the food is really bad.  We live in AZ.  How can a Mexican restaurant get Mexican food so wrong?  Should my beans be orange?  I got the chilli verde burrito enchilada style and the beef was a disgusting color of salmon and didn't taste any better than it looked.

Service was great.  I was served promptly and and my food came out quickly.  That is the only reason for the two stars.
I was in the area on my way to the convention center when I stopped in for some lunch.  Place is only a half a block from the convention center so location was awesome! I know the place seems to be geared for Mexican cuisine, but their menu was a little all over the place.  They have sandwiches, Mexican food, and Mediterranean food.  I went with a grilled cheese sandwich, why not.  It was a huge grilled cheese on sour dough bread nice and buttery with a huge side of seasoned fries. It was soo good! I asked for a side of ranch and it was yummy!  I don't eat downtown to much but if I go to another convention I'll sure stop in for another grilled cheese.
Tried this place for lunch, had the chicken burro and have to agree with the other reviewers. I wouldn't recommend Matador and am still baffled that it was packed at lunchtime.
Service was slow. Waiter knew little about what they served. They didn't even offer sangria. My meat on my enchilada wad tough and flavorless. It's hard to do Mexican this bad, but they pulled it off.
This is an emotional review. We have gone on vacation to Sedona twice and both times we have come here for Mexican and a pitcher of margaritas before we drive from phoenix to Sedona. It is the start of a wonderful week. 

The food has been a solid 3 stars both times but the pitchers of margaritas are cheap and pretty damn good. They have a decent patio. 

This place makes me happy lol.
I would give this place 5 stars because I love the chorizo breakfast so much but the service here is not always 5 stars.  If I had one complaint that is what it would be since it is very hit or miss.  I have come to expect bad service and I somehow always come out very pleased (sorry if that sounds bad), but I love the chorizo at this place.  It may be the best I have ever had and it is consistently perfect.  I also love the atmosphere and location.  A perfect morning for me would start at sitting along the windows in front in a booth while eating chips, salsa, chorizo, & coffee? ha ha, yes I drink coffee with my chips and salsa at this place.  I cant help it, I am a fan of Matador and I am sticking to it.  The bar seems cool and I have never been here for dinner but I am sure it is gets busy since it is a very large place.  Also the hot sauce is very good here, it has a nice garlic flavor and spicy just like I love it.  I usually mix it with the regular salsa so my family can share.
I am from Chicago where authentic Mexican restaurants are abundant. I would not consider what I ate yesterday at Matador Mexican food. 

The waiter brought chips & salsa to the table. The salsa was a spicy red sauce that I would pour over pasta....I'm dead serious! The fish taco entree arrived quickly. There was a ton of fish which was nice, but it came with a side of shredded "cheddar" cheese, shredded cabbage and chopped tomato. The rice & beans that came with were no better. I think the rice was Rice-O-Roni and the beans had a think layer of burnt "cheddar'" cheese on top. WTF am I suppose to do with that?

This was my first meal in AZ. It has to get better than that.
Consistently good Mexican food in downtown Phoenix!  The service is friendly and quick and the food is pretty good.
I was told this was the best place for Mexican food in the downtown PHX area, so I tried it without checking Yelp first. I would have to say it was just ok, the decor, the service and the food was not "mexican" as I know it. Maybe living in SoCal for a while has jaded me, but the tacos were bland, the rice terrible and the beans not flavorful. I should have taken notice when the chips and salsa were tasteless, but figured it was full of people, so THEY must know something. The prices were reasonable and overall I've had worse, but EXPECTED more from "the best mexican food" in downtown PHX.
Reviews here had me worried. But I wanted to take friends to this Phoenix icon before the Symphony. Fantastic green corn tamale. Salsa good. Margarita pitcher a little strong, but tasty! I hadn't eaten here in 20 years since I used to work downtown. So close to all the action when you have a downtown event. Go if you haven't been.
I almost didn't go there for dinner because of these bad views and that would have been a big mistake!
The food was extraordinary (we had enchiladas, shrimp fajitas and my friend had the tamales).
we ordered a pitcher of margarita and it was VERY strong on the tequila.
I'll definitely go back!
Matador Restaurant was not great but the food was good.  I ordered the beef enchilada dinner.  Before my entree arrived I was given the standard chips & salsa.  Before I could get the bottom of the chip bowl my dinner was already on it's way over.  Service was prompt and fast.

The enchilada dinner left much to be desired for the price I paid (nearly $12).  It was no better than your local hole in the wall joint where the same meal will be much cheaper.

The restaurant itself was pleasantly odd.  It looks kind of like a Mexican themed diner with a bar attached at the other end.

Matador is not a place I would go out of my way to visit and would not top my list of places to take friends and family but if you're already downtown and want to hang with friends and family go ahead and give Matador a shot.  Just expect to pay a bit more than your local place.
went there for sunday morning hangover breakfast. the mariachi band, while maybe nice outside or not so loud, was so overpowering that we could not talk... the trumpet was terrible for hangover ears... not peaceful or calm at all- so we sat outside. food was good. service was decent. a little pricey but okay because thats what every downtown restaurant has to do. i would go back... just not near that mariachi band.
Badass Decor.   Incredible Salsa.   Great service.   Good food.

COME ON!    This place was closest to my hotel but I almost skipped it for a taco bar place because of these reviews about the food and salsa.    Lucky for me we decided to try it.   And to the reviewer with 1 * who says CHICAGO is home of authentic mexican?    I laugh at you.   I suppose if you think Chicago is authentic Mexican, then your 1* actually makes sense  (yes, I've lived in Chicago)

Old style bar (beautiful) and woodwork.   Cool patio.   Service prompt, thorough, often, and with a smile.    Huge spaces with tons of tables for large groups.

Salsa: They bring you two types.   In mini-pitchers so you don't run out.   And they are both GREAT.    And thick.   And spicy.   And "guaranteed authentic".

Fajitas were good.   Enchiladas were good.   Rice was good.   
Based on the rest of my experience I would assume most things there were good.
   
The Bad: 
No Micheladas.   Flour tortillas seemed homemade, but something was off - I think we got older ones / stale - either make them fresh or change your recipe - something there needs a change.
I've eaten at Matador almost once a month for about15 years. I won't get into the logistics of others reviews. I give the higher than average star rating based on service and the salsa. Service was really good: the wait staff is always nice and attentive. Never a bad experience.
The salsa is fresh and good. Made chunk style with fresh green peppers and they provide, in abundance two kinds (I like to think of myself as a salsa expert...both the eaten and the dancing type ;)!!). They also fry their own tortilla chips. 
Ok, so anyway for AZ/MEX it's good, not great. The combo plate is good, with a tamale, a taco and a cheese enchilada. This is food that is cooked for high volume. You can get much better in Arizona, granted but for downtown, it works. 
Lunch is always packed, especially later in the week for the specials. Decor is old Mexican: still reminds of the days when most of the politico's would come down from the capital on main street to eat in the 70's and 80's. I love it. It looks dated inside and the booths are red leather. 
I've never experienced the bar or the adult beverages at Matador so I can't comment on the quality but it looks impressive. 
One more thing: its a landmark in downtown. Anyone who works the downtown area knows this place and goes there once in awhile (they will admit it) for a quick AZ/MEX fix.
I have been going to the Matador since I was in grade school. They have consistently good no-frills Mexican food and I much prefer it over the chain locations that are around. It's a nice large location downtown and has been renovated since many of the reviews on here were posted. Yes, the service has been slow from time to time over the years but I haven't ever had any more trouble here than at most other restaurants. It's a locally owned family business that has been in the family for over 30 years. If you're looking for something gourmet, then this is not your place. If you are looking for the Mexican version of comfort food, give it a try!
I have eaten at the Matador since the 80s and the food has been consistently good.  I like the large downtown location - it's convenient and there's room to meet up with all of your friends before or after an event.  The full service bar is great - really old-fashioned with lots of wood.   Love the salsa (both kinds!) and the service has always been acceptable - sometimes a bit slow when they are busy, but if you have a deadline, they are happy to hurry your order along.  Great food, friendly service, and a convenient location - what more can you ask?  I even had the Matador cater my daughter's bridal shower - awesome!
I have been going to the Matador since I was little when it was a little hole in the wall on 2nd Street.  They have always had great Sonoran style Mexican food!  It's always our go to place when we attend events downtown or have business to attend to. They also have the best hot sauce in town!  As far as the service,  the food comes out quickly and we never really have to wait long.  If you're downtown and looking for great food I would highly recommend this place.
Service was not good, they forgot about us after our dinner was served. Chips tasted stale.
No Bueno on the green corn tamales and the service was terrible for lunch.
Here for a conference (does anyone actually come to the city of phoenix for anything else?). I should have known not to set foot inside just how empty it was compared to the place next door. This place is honestly one of the most disorganized places I've eaten at. The waiters literally are running around, and just getting a seat in the empty restaurant was a process.  We received no less than 7 apologies throughout our dinner. I'm not sure why they kept apologizing as they weren't always doing anything wrong... they must just be used to people complaining or something. I got a salad and while it is pretty hard to mess up a salad, this was not very good. The meat (pulled pork) on the salad was gross, and the sour cream was hard and gross... the lettuce was standard iceberg cut up. My dining partner had the gyro and the meat was gross and he just ended up eating the fries. Also, although it looks like they did at one time, they no longer serve alcohol. That should be a sign to stay away. I feel bad for the waiters as this place obviously is in need of new management and a menu overhaul.
Service was very good. Atmosphere relaxing. Food tasty and reasonably priced. Located conveniently by Symphony Hall.
I don't make it to Grand all that often, so when I see the Paisley Violin it's usually on a First Friday when it's packed like a sardine can with cafe-goers mixing, mingling and watching a live band perform on stage.

Imagine my surprise on a recent Friday (not a First Friday) night for a show when there were only 5 or so people there.  Once the show wrapped up, it was back to kick ass deep 80s cuts (think Thompson Twins song from Sixteen Candles and Joe Jackson) from RadioNigel.com playing in the background.

The ambiance is a truly metro cafe - something many local coffeehouses are lacking. The feel inside is very bohemian chic with its moody lighting and eclectic look.  Random bric-a-brac abounds here - everything from fish tanks to a bird cage, for sale I think. It's more of a European caf / art gallery / live music venue than a coffeehouse.  Bathrooms are kind of rough around the edges - if you can hold it, you're better off.

They serve a variety of coffees and tea and light fare like sandwiches, salads - lots of veggie options, btw.

I had the mandarin spiced ice tea with a Venice Violin panini with dried Italian salami, provolone, veggies, pepperocini, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and Dijon mustard on a sourdough baguette. Nothing to write home about, but the food was pretty good.  

I really dug the vibe at Paisley Violin, I'll be back for sure - just not on a First Friday.
Good.....Bands playing on Frirst Friday...
Great Eclectic Decore....Looks like a old car shop...rumur it was a pet doctor place.......litte homes in back are really cool and going to be converted into shops....fREE WI FI!!! open late on the friday I was there....

photos on the walls are a nice touch too....

BAD: had a blended drink with way too much Ice....and just not that good....

so over all great little late night place great in every way but the drink.....
Quirky and comfortable, the Paisley Violin is like a non-conformist's hideaway. An unassuming building in a slightly questionable but slowly emerging art district encloses a cafe/gallery/artists-haven that serves unique sandwiches with daily specials, a full-service coffee bar, free wifi and live music. The space is quite small, especially on nights when there are musicians performing, but that just adds to the intimate and welcoming atmosphere.  The staff is extremely nice, friendly and very accommodating, and the clientele are the same.  

On my first visit there I had the olive bowl (watch out for the olive pits!), the paprika turkey sandwich and their unique daily soup special-- chipotle salmon chowder.  The turkey sandwich was delicious and the soup was a bit spicy (duh, it had chipotle in it!) but very interesting, with flavors I've never experienced.  I ended the meal with a cafe mocha, and I must say what a way to end a meal.  This was the BEST mocha I've ever had (that is why I am giving this place 5 stars!!!) Overall, a delicious meal and a wonderful time enjoying some great indie and local musicians.  I'll definitely be going back again real soon!
I have been going to the Paisley Violin for years, since it was on Roosevelt. It has always been a neighborhood favorite.
Everything is fresh, homemade and delicious. From the daily soups to the sandwiches, the coffee and espresso, you can't go wrong.
The service is always great, everyone is warm and wonderful.
Don't be shy about the area, despite what you may think or hear, it is a nice neighborhood (I live blocks away) and things are changing fast. 
And it is always great to patronize a wonderful, independent neighborhood business.
Big scary Grand Avenue has the best kept secret ever- the Paisley Violin. 
I've been visiting the Paisley since it's days on Roosevelt street, and it's easily one of my favorite spots in the city. 

Everything about the place is just good- the people, the atmosphere, the food. The International Eggwiches- egg sandwiches on a bagel- are great for breakfast; any of them will hit the spot nicely. Lunch is always a tougher choice because there are just too many good things on the menu. I am particularly fond of the Hummus plate and the Paprika turkey sandwich, but most everything else has been amazing as well. (I'd stay away from the Champs d'Elysses sandwich though, it's much too heavy on the brie) The daily iced tea is always unusual but usually good, and the soup of the day is never subpar. The last time I was there, the not-so-traditional potato soup was heavenly. 

The coffee and espresso are great, although I can't say too much about the frou frou drinks because I don't drink them. I imagine they'd be great too, with as good as the coffee is. 

Go...eat...you won't regret it...and on your way out, pay a visit to the Paisley pigs in the back. That's right, there are two little pigs residing at the Paisley, and they're pretty cute- for pigs.
Paisley......love paisley prints.! Can't tell u how many neck ties I have with a kool ass paisely print.  This also happens to be a kool ass coffee shop with a kool ass name....in a world of corporate coffee beans and corporate starbucks coffee joints on every other corner....this kool ass PAISELY VIOLIN coffee shop is a great place to kick back, listen to music, grab a sandwich , and YES, sip a latte.
I'll write more later... at this moment, I just want to add that Paisley Violin also has FREE WIFI in addition to all the other wonderful things that other reviewers have said.
My heart goes out to Grand Avenue. Come alive. Please, please come alive. There are such great little spots sprinkled throughout and I think Paisley Violin is my favorite. I've been there a couple times. Once at night while there was a band there, which was cool. I felt kinda bummed that time cause I had no idea they didn't serve alcohol, but I did find out that they were byob. The band was cool. Food is good. Tea is good.

I went during the day recently and had a really good lunch and was able to have a really chill lunch meeting. Our waitor for lunch was super friendly, helpful, and had a good pulse on when to check in and when not to. 

The best part was afterwards we walked out back and the woman I was meeting with asked if I knew about the small houses/cottages out back. Apparently, they are cottages from the Japanese Internment Camps in California. And they were some of the larger ones for families. The man who had invested in the project (I guess the owner of Paisley came up with the idea and pitched it to this guy) led us around and told us about the space and how they were going to be renting them to artists. Kind of cool, I thought...cause in some ways incredibly dark and reminiscent of something horrible...but at the same time...a way to kind of capture and convert that energy and remind people of the atrocities that have been committed when motivated solely by fear rather than logic and reason.
Shame on me for not acquiescing to the frequent requests by my gf to hit up one of the most alluring valley cafes.  The Paisley Violin is gills full of progressive and retro designs and a charmingly simplistic menu of favorites, including eggwiches, croissants, sandwiches, salads, and plates containing VERY fresh ingredients like organic vegetables, cheeses, cured meats, hummus, and a variety of sauces to name just a very minimal amount.  The prices are lower than what would be considered 'reasonable' and the service is quick and attentive but not overbearing.

However, the REAL reason to visit The Paisley Violin is for the incredible ambiance, whether you sit inside in its darkened labyrinth of art, books, and counter snacks, or outside on its expansive, heavily shaded patio, complete with an artistic fountain and 6 tiny and freshly brightened bungalow houses in a pseudo shopping district right there in their back yard.  According to our server one house will contain a flower shop; one, a bookstore; and the another, a tobacco shop.  The other three are TBD.  It is a brilliant concept, which makes their back patio seem infused with organic commerce and street life, but without being invasive or 'busy'.  I absolutely cannot wait for these places to open, sipping a chai latte with a shot of espresso (my gf's signature drink called a 'dirty chai latte') and gazing at these magnificent store fronts, each painted in a wide palate.  

One other note: The Paisley Violin is no longer BYOB, as they are awaiting the lead-legs of the city to approve, get this, their LIQUOR LICENSE!  Fans of The Paisley Violin will appreciate that spirits will now be available -- although bringing your own vino to the back patio seemed like one hell of a bargain to rent their space for the evening.  

I am eagerly awaiting when alcohol will be allowed back on the premises because this place will be the gem of downtown.
I went here for lunch yesterday with a few friends/coworkers and thought it was the cutest place I have been in a long time.  I have to admit, the area seemed a little weird to me, but maybe its just because I'm not familiar with the area.  We entered, and were immediately greeted and told that there is a hearing for the liquor license on the 28th...so that should definitely be a plus for this place.  There was a gentleman playing guitar which was very nice, but just a wee bit too loud for ambiance - we had a hard time hearing each other.

Two of my meal mates shared the hummus to start, I tried it and it was awesome as were the dolmas served on the side.  It all looked fresh and was presented very nicely.  I ordered the Champs de Elysee' sandwich which was TO DIE FOR...if you like brie, I highly recommend it.  The soup of the day was crab bisque.  When I asked our server if it was a red or white bisque he told me "neither" and then let me know that most of their items were nontraditional.  He wasn't lying.  I don't think there was a piece of crab in my bisque.  It was more of a broth, with large potato chunks and pieces of grape/vine leaves.  It wasn't bad, I just don't think I would get it again.

Everyone else enjoyed their food.  The two downers that prevent me from being able to give it 5 stars are the lack of parking - some stupid macho man twit in his white Dodge Ram was blocking most of the driveway then almost runs me over trying to get a spot in the parking lot when he could have just as easily parked where he was sitting on the side of the road (which is where I ended up parking btw) and the soup.  It just wasn't a crab bisque
An odd looking place with an even odder name serves up some good dishes of mixed cuisine but at a price that's higher than comparable places.

Paisley Violin is architecturally interesting from its cabanas that surround the entrance to its bar/restaurant/music venue feel on the inside. 

I was there when the place broke out a mango flavored iced tea which was outstanding, but served in children's sized glasses. Shortly after our server walked away I was ready for another refill. 

Food was quite good, but as I've mentioned, I can get very similar cuisine in the East Valley for far less money. 

I'd like to think I'm paying for the unique atmosphere and ambiance, but I've never been there for live music. I could see it being a pretty good date place at night. 

That might bump it up to four stars for me, but judging it strictly for lunch the price vs portion and quality sticks Paisley at a three.
Just a quick update to let people know that they now serve alcohol! Woohoo! They got their liquor license six weeks ago -- after a tedious process, they said -- and now have a full menu of wines and other libations (Beer and Sake that I know of).  So, next time you want to cruise downtown to listen to some great live music, have some fantastic grub and enjoy the cool atmosphere, you can do so with some wine and beer too!
Paisley Violin has been on my list of places to try for lunch for awhile and finally I made it there last week with some co-workers. Like many places in Phoenix, it is small with limited parking. However, there is ample street parking and from the looks of it, tables and chairs on a patio which my group would have been fine with had it not been a yucky day out. As soon as we walked in, I knew I was going to love Paisley Violin. The exposed brick walls, the random pieces for sale, a small bar, and posters for live music and movie nights all give Paisley Violin a cute atmosphere and vibe.

We had the pesto brie as an appetizer and I was shocked to learn that one of my dining companions had never had such a combination before! The bread had seasoning on it which gave the cheese and pesto a nice kick when all three combined in your mouth. The portion size was perfect for the four of us to share and left us plenty of room for our lunch. As my main meal, I had the Mediterranean eggwich which was tasty; however the only disappointing factor was that I had asked for no red onions and when my sandwich came out, it had red onions on it. Two of my other dining companions both had the BLT with a side of potato salad and they both were raving over the sandwich and potato salad when we left. As one of my coworkers said, the chipotle mayo took what would have been an ordinary BLT to another level. Drinks are served in plastic cups and remind me of the glasses my parents would have bought when we were kids. It was quirky and an interesting touch. If you order a soda, it comes out in an old fashioned bottle, so there are no free refills. That is fine with me because it actually limits how much I drink!

Our bill was approximately $10-12 per person (before tip) which is pretty much on par with most places we frequent for lunch. Future trips to Paisley Violin are definitely in store!
Been to the Paisley a couple times now and really enjoy the atmosphere and food. They have a large beer and wine selection, and their food items are all unique. If you're a vegetarian, a good portion of the menu is devoted to delivering compatible foods. Some nights they have live music or DJs. Both times I have gone I dined inside, but there appears to be a large outdoor patio that looks perfect to chill on some spring or fall afternoon.

It is always encouraging to see businesses like the Paisley operate in the downtown Phoenix area. I will continue to support the Paisley and highly recommend it to others looking for some uniqueness in Phoenix.
Atmosphere good.  Food...not so much.  I recently ate here for the first time and, unfortunately, I can't say anything good about the food.  I ordered a chicken shwarma sandwich and expected a hot middle eastern sandwich filled with flavorful chicken sauteed with onions and spices and accompanied with crisp fresh veggies.  What I got was FAR from what I expected.  The pita bread was your typical crappy faux Wendy's style doughy flat bread 'pita', not a regular pita pocket.  Inside was some flavorless, cold, unseasoned chicken (and when I say flavorless I mean indistinguisable from a mouthful of cardboard).  They didn't even bother to put basic salt and pepper on this sorry meat.  The remainder of the sandwich consisted of raw zuchinni (WTF?!), chopped tomatoes, 3 leaves of romaine lettuce, and some bits of red onion.  None of the veggies had been dressed or seasoned.  Oh, there was also some hummus/tahini 'sauce' mixed in there (presumably for flavor), but I have never tasted anything so flavorless.  I imagine that wall spackle has more flavor and pizazz than this 'sauce'.  Come on Paisley, does your cook even TASTE what comes out of the kitchen?  Add some flavor to your food.  You could start with salt, fresh lemon juice, garlic, pepper, and high quality olive oil.  It's really not that hard.
I know a lot of my friends really like this place, but I just can't get over the bad service and the food really isn't that great. It's really close to my house, so I go a lot to hang out and listen to the music that they have come through. Seriously though, I have stopped eating there because I realized after the 4th time that I have had "digestive issues" EVERY time I eat there. No joke. 

When I did eat there, the food really wasn't that great. Usually a bite or two is good, then it just gets really gross. I've tried about every side item that they offer with there entree's and they are all pretty gross to me as well. The potato salad was the only thing that I actually thought was okay. And one time I went there and she listed off my choices for sides, I said "chips" her: "oh, we're actually out of chips" me: "soup" her: "we're out of that too now" me: "so really, what are my actual choices?" her: "salad". 

Sorry to all my friends who like it, but it's really not that great. I think people come in and are charmed by the homey, inner-city art dive feel it has.
I've only been here a few times to sit and grab a beer. I really enjoy the atmosphere of the place and the outside area is great when the weather is nice.

Each time I've been here it was a Friday night and the place is pretty much dead, which is too bad because this is a great spot to sit and hang with friends. 

I can't comment on the food as I haven't eaten here. The alcohol selection is a bit sparse, but the bottled beer they have is good. 

I'm not big on crowds and I like to be comfortable when I go out, so for me the Paisly Violin is a perfect place to meet up with friends and grab some drinks.
Mediocre food the night we went, but it was busy and late so I didn't mind terribly.  Wine was tasty and reasonably priced, and the place had a fun atmosphere rolling.  There was a fire pit and band out back, and house-y tunes inside after the band shut down.  Cute atmosphere--a comfy little shack on Grand with moderately high ceilings and a neat looking bar.

The staff was great and posssibly psychic--they comped one of my glasses of wine in apology for the so-so food that night.  Near closing time, everyone got out on the dance floor and shook it a lil... a fun crowd and a few tunes I'd never heard before.  Probably a ton of fun there if/when they have a good DJ.
I've always had mixed feelings about the Paisley Violin--I really want to like it more.  There is a lot to like here:  decent beer selection, local art hosted all around, outside eating areas. 

I went last week for a friend's birthday shindig.  I had the chicken schwarma, which was ok.  And perhaps that is what is missing for me at Paisley, the food was just "meh" and the service was not outstanding either.  

It's on my list for trying out more often and perhaps I will be more impressed.
Yummy, creative sandwiches!  Good prices.  Highly recommended.

Service is generally a bit of an issue, so if you are one of the prissy eaters who doesn't understand that serving can be tough, you'll probably get your panties in a wad.
If you ever overhear someone saying Grand Ave is dirty (as I have, probably from developers waiting in line with a bulldozer and starbucks contract) , this place is one of many to prove them wrong.

The food is good, great selection....lots of vegetarian options.  Good drinks, possibly best chai I have ever had.  the side potato salad is very tasty.  Not a huge fan of the egg-whiches.  the croissant is a little too hard.

Atmosphere:   Nice patio;  little garden and a bunch of colorful artist bungalows.  sweeps in the zen like relaxation for a lazy sunday or friday lunch.
We were here for the last 1st Friday and this place was a Disaster (again with the capital D thing).  It was so bad, that I canceled my wine order and got a Schlitz from the hot dog guy.  We waited for 2 hours (not exaggerating) for SANDWICHES.  The sandwiches were good, but I'm telling you, if it could've gone wrong for them, it did.  I'm not sure if that is the "charm" of this place or if our server was a complete train wreck.  
Also, apparently we aren't good enough for 1st Fridays or the crowd it attracts.  Maybe we're not artsy enough or trendy enough or hippy enough for the crowd here.  Although, you artsy, trendy hipsters don't live in the neighborhood, you drove you Subaru's and your old jalopies here, we walked here, we're from the 'hood'.  See the difference.  You came to our hood.  OK, enough ranting about snobbery going on.  I've spent way too much of my time on this review, which I wasn't going to post until it came up in conversation the other day.
Admittedly, I did not eat here.  I did come for two nights during the Phx Fringe and loved every minute of it.  This is like a hybrid dive bar and artsy hangout, being from Detroit, I felt right at home.

The eclecticness of the crowd matches the atmosphere, I mean, it's called the Paisley Violin, it's going to have some pretension.  The best part about this place is the rear patio, which is like a step into another world, old brick patio with art all around you.  We were made comfortable by a very appreciative staff and drank for pretty cheap, Schlitz was only $2. 

The P.V. seems to be an attempt to give all the artists on Grand a place to go, we took the light rail here and rode our bikes.
WOW! I LOVE this place and I can't believe it took me this long to check it out.

The interior is incredibly original and equally funky and cool. The menu is mostly sandwiches of which are not may favorite ... but they have a great beer selection and it's a super cool place to hang out.

Big ups!
A Phoenix original if ever there was one!  Total gem in the lower Grand Avenue area.

I love the unique atmosphere here.  Post-industrial meets shabby-chic meets post-modern meets trading post.  Or something like that.

I wanted something different and ordered the Panini Cubano.  I thoroughly enjoyed the shaved prosciutto, black beans, melted swiss, pickles and chipotle mayo.  I also sampled the sandwiches of my wife and daughter and they were very tasty as well.  They had the pesto chicken and the lamb gyro, respectively.

The Paisley Violin is now firmly  entrenched on my list of cool, reasonable and unique places to grab lunch and to take visitors from out of town.
What a night. The first time I tried Paisley was the night of the first Grand Ave Festival. The place was hoppin. My date and I seated ourselves and it took awhile for us to be helped. This is just one thing out of a myriad of other reasons I should only give Paisley 1 star. 

They get 4 stars because the one girl who was helping us was trying to handle the entire restaurant. And we were informed the one girl cooking all the food had been doing it 12 hours straight. With this in mind, we were quite impressed by the level of service. 

Another winning point was the ambiance of the place. My date remarked a number of times about how cute it is. She's right. This is a great date place. Low light, lots of art and decorations to look at, great live music to listen to, and not so loud that we couldn't carry a conversation. We had a great time. 

Thank you Paisley Violin. We'll be back.
We had just played a show down the road at PHiX for the 1st annual Grand Avenue Festival.  This is a festival organized by the businesses on Grand Avenue.  The paisley Violin is one of those businesses.

That said, we came in and struggled to find a seat for the six of us.  Several 2 or 3 people groups at 6 people tables.  So we all squeeze onto one round table meant for 4 at the most.  Strike one - wait staff should shepherd small groups to small tables.

Our waitress finds us after a 5 minute wait and takes our beer order.  Many of us order the same beer.  One person orders a very common mixed drink comprised of Cola and Whiskey. The waitress has no clue what it is - replying with "What's that?".   Funny, but a bit of a clue about how our epic 2.5 hour dinner will go.  

A larger table freed up, so we took it.  I guess wait staff hate cleaning tables that have people on them, cause she left a big pile of crumbs laying for us to snack on.

The next round of drinks, they were out of our new favorite beer because they must have a small fridge, so some of us walk outside to look at the beer list, since the waitress doesn't know them.  Those who walked outside got their drinks ordered.  10-15min later, a new waitress asks us if she can get us something.  Yes!

The music was nice, and the musicians were very courteous and concerned with the volume - our band could take notes on that.

I ordered the gyro.  I've had about 20 different Gyro's in my life.  This was more like a salad burying a couple very thin slices of meat.  I'm not a meat maniac, but they sure did skimp for some reason.  This new concept of saladwich was good, but not really what I ordered.  Also got the seafood chipotle soup which was interesting and tasty.

They must have been out of beer, because they didn't come by for any more drink orders.  

Hopefully the owners of this place will learn to stock up on wait staff and beer for special events.  

Another review said that the waitress had been on for 12 hours.  She was somewhat incompetent, but I fault the owner/manager for lack of preparedness.
So the past week I've been ordering lunch here nearly everyday. I just love the food.

Everytime I've gone here the food is spot on. A few of my fave sandwiches are The Royal, which is a roast beef sandwich with melted mozzarella, celery, lettuce with aioli sauce served on a yummy baguette.
The Champs d'Elysee is also yummy. The sandwich has red peppers, artichokes and spinach. It's a bit creamy with the cream brie and aioli sauce, but tasty. 

They usually have a different home made soup everyday and most of the soups I have tried are always very good.

I'm a fan of the Paisley and I hope more people discover this place. Anytime I'm in there, the place is sparse on people and I don't understand why.
Just had an awesome "eggwich". Great service and a really cool vibe. Can't wait to come back to check out the patio in the evening for a drink.
After numerous attempts to find a place to go to open at 11 for lunch (Lalibela, Bacchanal, etc), we headed to Downtown for Paisley Violin.  This place is not located in a cookie cutter neighborhood, but this place is worth a visit!

We service was a little slow, even though we were the only ones in here, but the food most definitely made up for it.  We had the Mediterranean platter and the cheese plate.  Take note My Florist Cafe, this is how you do a cheese plate...

The Mediterranean platter was overflowing with hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, olives, dolmas, etc.  I love, love, love dolmas!  And these were amazingly fresh and I was pissed that my guy all the sudden decided to like them.  The hummus was spicy and had some chickpeas that weren't completely blended, which added a nice consistency.  Everything else of that cutting board was delicious, and I love their little panini pressed pitas!

The cheese plate was also delicious, serving a cranberry stilton, brie, feta, and a semi-hard cheese I couldn't identify.  We wanted to stay and have a sandwich, but we were already full from the two appetizers.  So my guy opted for a Kiltlifter while I had their pumpkin cake.  I wish it wouldn't have come straight out of the fridge, but it was delicious.  The cream cheese frosting and the dense pumpkin cake was a sweet way to end our lunch.

I wish I wasn't leaving AZ in a month, because I would make myself a regular here.
I ate here a few times when I was working on the phoenix fringe festival earlier this year, and it was always delicious, but I went in one day for lunch, asked if I could place a to-go order, and the response I got was: "sure, but my cook isn't here, I'll have to call her. it'll be about 20-30 minutes."

um, what?
My food hasn't come yet but this place already gets five stars cuz I know it's gonna be delish. My mouth watering as I type and enjoy the live and quiet guitar playing really incredible classical stuff in the corner. This place is uber cute and gets beaucoups des points for personality. Tons of eye candy in this little euro cafe lookalike, I feel like I'm back in San Francisco. I sat at the copper bar and was waited on by a hipster type.  Really nice and laid back service, but not record speeds.  They serve loose tea in little mesh bags that hang over your cup with a bamboo stick....more points.  My turkey brie and cranberry chutney sandwich was out of this world and the brie and pesto app I tasted was also pretty tasty.  It's coined as a meditteranean place but I'd probably call it fusion food.  Too many gourmet flavors to be strictly med.  The best thing about this place is everything.  Ambience....my favorite type...food is inventive and flavorful.  Nuff said....I'm still craving that sandwich and my only regret about this place is not asking that guitarist what he was playing.
Thank you Laurel L. for turning me on to the Paisley! This place is definitely not a place that you would find just by walking or driving by. It looks like it's closed when you see it from the street. Once you're inside, everything changes. The decor is great and the food is even better. I had the lamb gyro and green salad. The gyro was as good or better than I've had anywhere else and the salad was very good. I read some other reviews about the service being slow, but I did not experience that at all.
The inside portion of the Paisley is hard to describe. I guess ecclectic is the most fitting description. Brick wall, varying art, rot iron chairs, a very small stage (seemingly for someone playing a guitar) etc.
Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
I've been a fan and lover of the Paisley Violin for almost 4 years. Love this charming little place nestled on Grand Ave. It's out of the way but yet it has a downtown feel. Gina, owner and cook, makes the best hummus in town. I had one of the best Hummus pizza specials ever prepared by Gina. Since then, every time I return to PV, Gina always makes a special pizza filled with the ingredients that I love. Best cafe mochas in town! If ever I do take in First Friday, this is usually our last stop of that night. It's perfect for gatherings with friends. Check out their websites for daily specials.
The Paisley Violin is very close to the State Capitol where I work and I only just discovered it. Considering you have to drive into downtown Phoenix to get any sort of decent food if you work in the Capitol complex, I'd call this quite a find. It's a little hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for, and though there is a small parking lot, you're better off trying to snag a spot on the street if you see one. 

We went on a Friday for lunch, and though many of the tables filled up, the restaurant was still quiet, providing a great atmosphere for conversation. The service was a little slow and inattentive, but the bartender was also our waiter. The description of the sandwich I ordered said it came on a croissant, but it came out on bread instead. My friend had to send her entree back because they left off the tofu she'd requested be added to her salad. However, all the food tasted delicious. 

I'll definitely go here again, especially when I need something closer than downtown, but can't stand another enchilada from La Canasta Capitolio.
Really good. The staff is always friendly. I love the greek salad and any of their iced teas. They also have a beer & wine license, so it's a good place to go for 1st Friday.
I can walk here.

Seat your damn self.  Wait for no one.

Hummus is different and good.  Service tries their damndest but they are perpetually understaffed.  Drinks often go empty and approaching the bar is necessary.  I wouldn't dream of expecting good service or a quick bite during First Friday.

The shining star up in here is Hi Lo Trio.  They play their unique brand of sonic weirdness on Thursdays and are definitely worth a listen -- live sampling/sequencing/looping of toys, found sounds, answering machine tapes and radio stuff combined with stringy electric cello and a badass jazzy guitarist.  I had never heard them, stopped in on a Thursday without even expecting live music, and stayed way past dinner to zone out to their dreamy creations.  I should have known we were in for something special when I saw that a pink toy Barbie guitar was part of their load-in.

For fans of Boards of Canada, Limbik Frequencies on your iTunes radio, waking dreams...

I love seeing the bartender march with purpose toward the tiny stage as she puts a starter-fiver in their tip jar.
This place is pretty cool. It's a real chill atmosphere and there aren't an overwhelming amount of people there (which I like!).

I showed up to meet some friends on a Friday night. The inside is great, there is a big horse, a small stage, and a bar maned by a fun staff. The decor isn't fancy, but it has character. A band was setting up getting ready to play. I would have loved to hear them, but my friends were outside so I headed there.

Outside there is a big patio. It was a little chilly, so there was a fire goin' in the firepit. There was also a musician outside, so I wasn't missing out on entertainment. She was playing calm, folk acoustic, making the mood of the night even better.

The group of 7 that I was with were able to sit comfortably, there was plenty of room. We enjoyed good conversation over the music and weren't bothered by wanna-be types trying to be cool. All of the customers and staff there seemed very down to earth.

Great atmosphere, decent prices, and cool people.
I'm not sure what everybody raves about. The place, in itself, is very cool. You park around back and they have little artist's huts and the inside it cozy and would be a great place to maybe hangout and have a few drinks. I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap and maybe I ordered something on their best that wasn't their "best" dish, but unfortunately I won't be going back to find out. 

I took it to go, which may have been my first problem. I paid just under $9 for the wrap (asked for without onions) and opted this time for chips. When I got back to the office and opened it up the wrap was in paper and you could see mainly pits and not much stuff inside, but I figure maybe all the good stuff is piled right out of site. After ripping off almost a 1/3 of the pita, I finally get to the good stuff....and my first bite. Ick! onions!!! I had asked for no onions and now my first bite I was chomping on them. Put the pita down, scraped out the onions that weren't hidden, and tried again. The tahini sauce poured of of the back on the wrapped paper and as it hit my plate I then noticed how oily it was....the sauce actually separated in front of my eyes. Ick #2!! 

When all is said and done, yes, I'm full. The chicken was ok, a little dry, but edible. Was it good? Yea ok, it was good....was it $9 good? Definitely not. And sadly to say I won't be returning for lunch to try anything else on their menu that may have peaked my interest before.
The giant horse scared me! I thought it was a real stuffed horse at first glance.

On a nice summer night, we weren't able to get a seat outside because there was a graduation party going on. Instead we sat inside and listened to the Michael Buble-ish croonster and his homeless sidekick. I'm not sure if he was homeless but he was rocking on the bass guitar and would add in his "oh yeahs" and "uh huhs" during an intense jam session. It was creepy and cute.

My friend bought the table a round of marachino cherries that are laced with vodka and cinnamon rum. It was interesting but way too strong for my tastes.

I started with an Oak Creek Hefe which was warm so the server brought me frosty mug but that didn't help either. I ordered the Spicy Cajun Sausage appetizer and it was nothing more than a bowl of sliced sausage links floating in a cold hot sauce. It was disgusting. I had to ask the server if the appetizer was meant to be cold. I'm just not a fan of cold sausage. The best part of my meal was the sourdough bread- and it was damn good because I was starving!

Oh yeah- the bathroom was pretty scary. I liked the mops and brooms in there too, really made me feel like I was peeing inside a janitor's closet. Oh wait-- maybe it was!
Love the Paisley - it's awesome for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or for graduation parties.  Although I think that may have impacted Tuyen's experience at Paisley.  :) The grad party was awesome -thanks Paisley!
I think the ambiance is nice enough.  The background live music is nice.

I LOVED the Champs De Elysee sandwich.  I can't stop thinking about it.  I found the potato salad with the ginger just okay but I am not a huge ginger fan.

A friend ordered the turkey sandwich that has cranberries in it and liked it.  Another friend ordered the cheese platter and it looked just okay.  I think the one at House of Tricks is much better.
Let me tell you about a sandwich. Mostly.

I was there yesterday afternoon to drop off a cruiser bike I sold to a new friend. She lives in the neighborhood and as it was an easy ride back to her place I met her there.

I NEVER liked the old location on Roosevelt, and the new location is slowly growing on me. My preference will never be chairs with wire backs(I'm a booth man, personally)but it is clean and funky at the same time.

Back to food: the Garlic Pepper Sirloin Steak sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I think I've ever eaten. Yes, lots of onions and garlic, not the date night meal, but wow...good bread, huge size...really good meat and sauce.

Why not 5 stars? Well, the good news is it's a full bar, and yes you can buy a PBR or Schlitz...but on Saturday afternoon no juices for mixing, and yesterday was very very hot. I think the wine and beer menu are varied, but it just seems the liquor menu is all top-shelf. I think Smirnoff vodka is just fine, same with Dewars scotch,etc. Take a tip from Carlys, Palette etc. and find a way to keep a varied price-point. Two drinks plus a sandwich was $22. plus and I tip 20%. I think I would have made this a five-star day if it had been a $16.00 to $17.00 meal and drinks. 

By the way, the drink we finally created was a "John Daly", an alcoholic version of the lemonade/ice  tea classic Arnold Palmer. Due to a lack of materials, it was improvised by with some sweetened tea and sweet tea/lemonade vodka. Tasty, but pricey for Grand Ave on a sweltering day in the PHX.

Yes, I'll be back, but I'll ask the drink prices first.
My experience was on a random Saturday afternoon, and I think that might skew my opinion a bit.

During my visit we were the only guests dining.  There was one guy at the bar that was friends with the employees.  

The atmosphere is mellow.  And I can imagine it being a pretty happening place on weekend evenings.

The prices were a bit high for what we ate.  I had a pita sandwich and it was just under $10.  The lunch prices are a bit steep.

The food was okay, but nothing I'd go back time and time again for.
now that i live within walking distance of the paisley, it's become an addiction.  i would describe them as a catch all place for beer, wine, coffee, and food.  quite random inside actually, with all of the bikes and flags and the muddy fish tank (bleh, really guys?)...

lots of good wines and the beer selection is random and changes often...what i really come here for though is the food..lots of vegetarian options..my favorite would have to be the veggie burger...served panini style and made of brown rice and delicious veggies you seriously can't go wrong...their el greco sandwich is killer as well, if you're a meat eater, and it's served on this delicious toasted sourdough bagette.  their pasta salad is spot on too, i always get that as my side.

staff is friendly, your typical grand ave crowd can be seen here..randomness at it's finest...nice outdoor patio area, can't wait for the weather to cool down and enjoy some delicious brew and a tasty sandwich.
This is an outer arts district staple in the Valley. The neighborhood is spooky if you don't know the area, but it is worth the possibility of having your car vandalized to stop in. Great live performances, mellow guitar, etc. and fantastic food. Hummus plate, Mm. Greek salad, yum. Cheesecake, yes please. The service is European style so expect to wait and wait some more. Seat yourself inside or out on the lovely patio.

Across from a fun locally-owned boutique you can stop by if you're there earlier in the day. 

I stocked up on the 70% off gift certificates for this little gem of a place at: http://www.citydeals.com/deals-merchant-Paisley-Violin-Cafe-Phoenix-AZ-LOC41462852.html?id=2852

You can thank me later. I'll probably be at the table next to you.
This place has a great atmosphere. The patio is awesome and they place live music. The food was delicious and they had tons of healthy options. So why not 5 stars? The service was pretty bad. I ordered wine and asked for water with it. Then I asked again, and again. But it never came. I also ordered my meal with no tomatoes and they put them on. My friend ordered her sandwich with no mayo and they put it on too. So just plan to be there a while and don't be too picky and you'll love it!
I went to the Paisley Violin sometime last week. Walking in we were greeted by terrible music. I mean there are tons of great Jazz musicians in AZ and some how they have found the worst. The server was an older gentleman who was nice. We ordered the sampler app that they have to start 2 min later the server tells us that they are out of pita bread. For entrees I ordered the Lamb which comes on a pita but i opted to get it on a croissant which he suggested they had. 2 min later he says they are out of that to. My friend ordered the Lox 2 min later he says they are out of that as well. So she takes his suggestion in ordering a cuban sandwich which you wont belive 2 min later he comes out and says they dont have all the ingredients for that either. This happened about two more times until we ordered what had seemed to be the only 2 things on the menu. Its called an 86 board, servers write down what you don't have or in your case what u do have, which is less. The server must have been embarrassed I would have been. Once we got our food, it was mediocre at best, cold and not fresh looking. I will never go here again, which is disappointing such a great space and no potential when it comes to the food.
I came here for lunch yesterday with my mama. This place is tiny but it definitely has character. There were 2 people sitting outside & 3 people inside, so they weren't exactly busy. We sat close to the bar & listened to a couple guys playing guitars & a woman sang a couple songs. My mom put $5 in their tip jar & one of the guys came over to give us a flyer & chat, he was so sweet. For our meals: mama ordered the panini italiano & I ordered the pesto chicken sandwich, for sides she chose the house salad & I chose the potato salad. Mom enjoyed her meal, as did I, but I had to salt the potato salad & even that didn't help-it was pretty blah. I took half of mine & half of my mama's sandwich home for hubby, he liked both but said mom's was better. Total for both meals including drinks was $22. One thing that was a lil annoying was how slow the service was. Our server was very nice but it took 30 minutes just to get our food, which seemed way too long for a place that only had 7 customers total. It was pretty good food though, so I'd probably return.
We freaking love Paisley Violin. Now, my five stars does not mean it is perfect, it has flaws that I will mention, but I do not believe your Phoenix experience is complete without a Friday or Saturday night visit to this lovely establishment. 
The first time we walked in it felt like Cheers, everyone said hello, the musicians, the bartenders, the bar patrons, as if we were old friends returning from a long trip. Now look, it isn't pretty inside, it's divey, a weird fish tank and ventriloquist doll are kind of strangely displayed, but look past that and see this place for what it is, a local joint with real honest to goodness people serving you. Good drink, great food, great music, great atmosphere, great service.
The toasted pesto brie was delicious, the brie was not overpowering, and it complimented the pesto just right. Their vegetable stew was very good with huge chunks of vegetables and a hearty sauce, the peppered raspberry turkey is magic in your mouth, the royal is a wonderful sandwich with roast beef, mozzarella and garlic pepper and the venice violin, with soppressata, pepperoncini, balsamic vinegar and dijon mustard on a baguette is practically inspired. The desserts are good too, but not all house made, we destroyed the baklava, it's highly recommended.
Now the bad, aside from the place being divey, which isn't bad to me but I know it is to some, is that the parking is kind of a nightmare. Last I went I had to park in front of a very ghetto looking house with a guy cleaning his shotgun on the porch. Paisley Violin is not in a "nice" part of town, and with only a couple actual parking spots, you will be parking in a strange neighborhood in front of a stranger's house... sorry. But it's worth it, check with the Paisley Violin website and go on a night they have entertainment. 
Check this place out with a good friend and an open mind, we love it.
Visited again today (6/4/11) after several months of not eating at Paisley's . I had the pleasure of trying out their Hummus Platter (I usually order the Hummus Sand-which, but it's such a large portion I can never finish it!) and I was instantly in love with Paisley's again! Their hummus was so delicious, full of flavor but not overwhelming, that I had to thank our server for her wonderful service and the amazing food. My only complaint would be that they do not offer wheat pitas (though they can substitute for multi grain bread, focaccia, or sour-dough).

My sister always enjoys ordering their Tuna Slam Sand-which (excellent mix of albacore tuna, mayo and greens without the overly intense mayo flavor), and my husband tried their Panini Cubano. Both enjoyed their orders, and my husband raved about his panini. 

I love Paisley's atmosphere, choice of music and unique decor. The service can be a bit slow, but you can't rush delicious food. The food is well priced and their meal portions are adequate. The best part of their menu is definitely the abundant number of vegetarian meal options!

We can't wait to go back!
On our 100 things to do in downtown Phoenix, Paisley Violin made our restaurant short list. We love this place for so many reasons. It epitomizes urban culture, downtown life and a willingness to be part of the community.

They do all that and offer a great meal. We've brought some of our most critical friends and they walked away loving the place too. I would have given them 5 stars if the service was a bit more consistent. That said, the staff is lovely and down to earth.
Came by here for the first time on a Friday night to drink some wine and listen to some live music. I fell in love with the place right away, it is just perfect, nice and cozy, but not cramped. We drank a couple of bottles of wine and enjoyed being right in front for some great music. 

We had already eaten not much earlier so I decided to get an appetizer to give their food a try. I was craving some hummus, but a few moments later I was advised they were out and the server suggested trying the baba ganoush. This was actually my first time trying this dish, ever, and it was superb !! I have also heard great things about their peppered turkey sandwich from a fellow patron, so I will try next time.

Also...while enjoying my Friday night, it got even better when the owner/manager came over and thanked us for coming in and gave us 2 complimentary meals!!! So, I will be back for sure to try some more food, you should really check this place out.
Came back here on a Wednesday afternoon to redeem my complimentary meals with my daughter. When we arrived there was only one table occupied, yet it took about 10 minutes before someone came to our table, as we were waiting I noticed a fly flying around inside the sugar dispenser..yuck!!! 

The server/bartender was very friendly throughout our stay, but as the only one working as tables started to fill up, service lagged a bit. 

I ordered the turkey/raspberry sandwich served with fresh mozzarella, lettuce, cucumber, raspberry jam, and mayo. This is a cold sandwich but the turkey was like room temperature and not very enjoyable. Also, the croissant was very flimsy and did not hold up very well to the ingredients. I  opted for the soup which was Mediterranean Chicken...waaaay too much pepper and not enough salt or chicken.

 My daughter had a similar sandwich (minus the jam) and chips. She said the sandwich was average, but the small broken chips that were on the plate looked like they came from the bottom of the bag...no bueno.

Another issue that I had was that the server/bartender went outside at one point, not sure what he did, but he DID NOT wash his hands when he returned and started making drinks & serving food. A few minutes later when he came to our table he reeked of cigarette smoke....this is not acceptable in any way. 

Despite the issues that I had on this visit I do still like the place for drinks and music...also the employees have been very friendly. I would return for these reasons and I hope that they make some improvements on the areas that I mentioned.
The BF and I met up with a friend for dinner on a Friday night around 7 PM.  It was when First Fridays were going on, so it was busy when we arrived (but not too crowded).  The ambiance makes the place feel like a local dive bar, which we didn't mind.  It seems like the kind of place that you can drop into for a cocktail on a nice Saturday afternoon.  But...

The menu looks like it was written by a kid in the first grade.  Some people would find that charming, but we found it a bit trying.  Also, it was written on one piece of white paper.  There were NO descriptions of any of the food.  So we had to ask the wait staff about the items we were interested in, which would have been fine, but...

The wait staff.  Hmph. A bit slow.  And totally unknowledgable.  They didn't know what was in the items.  We asked, and then items showed up with things on it that we were not expecting (and didn't like).

The food was NOT GOOD.  I ordered the shawarma.  It was TERRIBLE.  No flavor at all.  The chicken was boiled and had no seasoning.  The tahini sauce had no flavor at all.  I asked for some taztiki sauce to see if it would help.  It did not.  It was the WORST shawarma I have ever had.  However, the potato salad was tasty.

The BF had the lamb gyro which he said was nothing special (very average).  And my friend ordered the italian sandwich, which he liked.  For the price of the food, everything should have tasted better.

Drinks were expensive.  A rum and coke in a place that looks and feels like a dive bar was $7.  SERIOUSLY?  Wow.  Unless you go during happy hour, the prices don't seem worth it.  They did have a good beer selection, and all of those (besides the super cheap ones) were $5 each.  That seemed reasonable.

Finally, the music.  Ugh.  They had this guy with a guitar get up and sing/play.  He was terrible.  And it was SO LOUD we could barely hear each other.  Plus the table behind of us of older hippies were doing shots and whistling at the end of each song.  Getting rowdier and rowdier.  Great for them that they were having a good time.  Sadly, it just wore us out.

I doubt I will return to this place.  And if I do, it will be for one drink, during happy hour, on a day when I can sit outside.
Paisley moved locations (by about 100 yards), and on the new location was a mural beloved by the neighborhood and painted by an internationally-renowned Phoenician artist called El Mac who creates amazing and sometimes massive murals all over the world.

They painted over it.
Zoe's get's a solid 3 stars b/c they have the raddest, most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring, albeit sometimes satisfying food.  The chx kabobs are pretty awesome, enough for two people.  Comes with two huge scewers of chx, peppers, cherry tomatoes... over a bed of salad and rice pilaf.  Pretty delish.  The Gruben Sandwich is also a hit.  FYI -- If you don't like Feta, stay away from this place.  They put it on just about everything.  They trully believe in that old addage, "Feta makes it Betta!"
I like Zoe's Kitchen. I even tried to put the umlaut above the O in "Zoe" but alas, I lack that sort of NASA-grade training. 

An assortment of sandwiches, sides and salads are on hand for the taking. Well, you can't just take them... you have to pay, of course. I don't want to be blamed when a rash of sandwich robberies breaks out along the McDowell corridor... but I've gotten off on a tangent again.

I've only ever tried the Gruben. I think I need an umlaut there too. No? We're good? Good. Like a Reuben but with fresh cabbage and turkey. Much healthier, and with a tangy kick. A good quick place to grab a sandwich during your lunch break.

Zoe's sides are available by the pound (chicken, potato, pasta, tuna and egg salads). They will cater your next event and if you've ever seen those Honda Elements running around Phoenix with Zoe's name plastered along the sides, you know that they deliver. Or maybe you're under the impression that those cars are actually mobile kitchens. Well, that's just silly.
My friend said this was to "fast food" like for a date.  It's the first time I thought of it as fast food.  Yes, the food came fast, and you order at the counter, but I've just always thought of it as more "healthy food fast" but that's not quite a general category is it?

I love to grab Zoe's.  Coincidentally, I like Feta, because as Lali mentioned, you have to like Feta to like Zoe's.  By brother was initially hesitant, but found himself craving Zoe's, and Feta after our last visit so I say to give it a try and don't be afraid.

The menu is SO simple it can be a bit shocking.  Salad, pita, kabobs, grilled chicken plate.  Pretty much any combo of chicken w/ veggies - even in their soup.  I really appreciate that they have a kids menu that isn't filled with things like french fries and chicken fingers.  They may give in to PB&J, but the rest of it will be just as healthy as what the adults are eating.  

Last but not least - I love the modern/simple decor.  The "kids" paintings scattered around the place are pretty cool too!
Great :
Salad + Dressing (in sqeeze bottle on table)

Good:
Lime Ade
Bread + Rice
Service

Bad:
Chicken Kabobs (really dry)
When  I feel like eating healthy this is where I go.  I love the mediteranean tuna pita.  I have tried numerous things on the menu including the chocolate cake (yummy).  I have never been disappointed with anything i ordered and the staff is always very nice.
I SOOOO wanted to love this place as it is cute as a bug's ear. Not that I'm saying there's bug's here,  I just think it's a lovely, modern clean space, with lots of light. My friend was craving the Greek pita. "OMG...it's soooo good, you have to go get us some." So, I get our to go pitas (chicken, lettuce, feta and tomato), certainly not inventive, yet it sounded like it would hit the spot. "OMG....the side pasta is sooooo good, you have to get that." Fine. Two Greek pitas both with pasta sides to go. Oh, and the chocolate cake. He said to get the chocolate sheet cake. Well, let me just say kiddies, the pita was dry, dry, dry. Sauceless and dry. Did I say it was dry. Chicken was dry. Pita was dry. It totally fell apart. And then so did I. Dry. Dry I say. Pasta side was actually quite good, all 2 oz. of it. BUT THE CAKE...OH MARY....THE CAKE! Truly a slice of chocolate heaven. I will go back and try some other items. Staff was friendly. I liked the space. Cake was, cheap, like a penny or something.
I really want to like Zoe's Kitchen. I do. I really, really do. 

I have been to Zoe's more than 5 but less than 10 times, and yesterday was my last visit, unless I want to stop in for some limeade and chocolate cake. 

I have tried MANY things at Zoes, and I try to listen to what others like .... I don't like their bread at all, so every sandwich I've had has been bad. The quesadilla is OK, but I'm not a big fan of flour tortillas. The chicken roll ups (I think that's what it's called) that I had yesterday (after a good friend's recommendation) were kind of soggy and yuck-o. I don't like the pasta salad .... or the potato salad ... or their slaw .... or cold rice .... 

Do you see my challenge here? The decor is adorable, and I really want to love the place, but I think I've paid my very last visit to Zoes. 

So, so sad!
So I have this terrible addiction. Every time I go anywhere near downtown, I have to go to Zoe's. 
I LOVE their limeade and have often wished I could just order the whole pitcher and leave the place with it. 
I'm a big fan of the chicken pita with loads of Feta, caramelized onions and chicken. 
I know I should probably branch out and try something new, but nothing beats the limeade and chicken pita with pasta salad. 
Oh, and don't even get me started on the chocolate cake!
I like Zoes. However, my GF does not. so I am only able to go when she is out of town. I understand this place is not for all. Dry chicken seems to be a big issue, as my girl has also complained about it. But I could eat a bucket of the slaw, with an IV of limeade, and a bed of chocolate cake to recline on.....oh yeah....wait. sorry...
Anyhow, I always get the protein plate or the kabobs.
Been a tad dry once, but I doused with dresing on table, and it was yum. Rice is good, the aforementioned cake and limeade. Really no desire to try anything else. With this place, I like what I like, and it will do.
Zoe's is fine, clean and simple with just enough trendiness to make you feel better about yourself for coming here than a fast food restaurant.   Our food was plain and simple, chicken kabobs and a quesadilla.   I guess we should have tried the lime ade and the cake, maybe next time, and then I'll give then another star.
A couple people told me that I would not like this place, but I did!  I liked it a lot actually.  I was smitten by the decor- super modern and clean and done right.  You know when people make their spaces look so modern it ends up just looking cheap... this place is not it.  The front door was a bit scary, if you don't watch your kids or immature friend or family members closely, it is possible that they could sever their body in half vertically.

Anyhow, I had the chicken roll ups, they were good.  The food is like food you can fix at home if you put some effort in it ( this means more than using the microwave or picking up take out and putting it on a plate).  The pita chips were very tasty too.  We got some of those.  The salads look big and green and healthy- the way a salad should look.

I plan to go back and I plan to get something different to try.  Neat concept, this Zoes.
I have had food form this restaurant a few times over an extended period of time. I have never eaten at Zoe's it was always take out and I did not do the picking up of the food. So no comment on the structure or service.
It is not horrible, but also not quite good either. Very uninspired in all foods I have tasted. Sorta like eating dry white bread. We ordered as a group each time I ate, so I just figured it won't kill me so why not. Really a lousy reason to spend too much money for bland, but there you go.
The food is simple, pure and uncomplicated; you taste (and hopefully enjoy) each ingredient. However, as with most minimally processed cooked foods, it does not travel well.  So, eat in. Luckily the decor is modern and compliments the menu well which makes eating in a pleasure.   

My only down note is on the service. If you are not careful when you enter the restaurant, you may enter through the door of invisibility and will become invisible to the employees. As a result, you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today, the dust takes 4 iPhone e-mail responses or texts to be removed (10ish minutes). Regrettably, I only had three unanswered e-mails in my inbox and had to leave before I could be seen by the employees. On a positive note, when you leave (regardless of the time you waited), the invisibility dust seems to be removed. I know this as no one honked or screamed at my car as it drove away without a driver.
We have a tradition of getting carryout on Saturday night, usually sandwiches or something fairly light  So we have a rotation that includes Pei Wei, China Chili, Whataburger, My Florist, Quizno's, sometimes delivery from Z Pizza.  Within that context Zoe's is a win.  The chicken salad and tuna salad sandwiches are tasty and of generous size.  My wife likes the marinated slaw, I prefer the potato salad.  Parking is never a problem, orders that are phoned in are ready when promised.   Note that although the menu has sandwich plus side plus chips for a price, you can ask for just the sandwich and they will sell it to you for a cheaper unpublished price.
I seriously don't know how this place rates a three star average. Just like many other reviewers, I really wanted to like this place. The concept is great! But that's it, it's just a concept. The food is as sterile as the environment. The only thing that distinguishes one dish from the other is the texture... each item has the same bland taste. And as I am somewhat of a foodie, the thing that is most amazing is that I know you have to work to make food this blah. The ingredients seem fresh, they seem to have herbies and such to make them look good, but everything tastes like they boiled it until all the flavor was released, removed the food and tossed the good flavored broth.

I suppose if one of your favorite food combinations is mayonaise on white bread you might be impressed, but IMHO save your money and take yourself anywhere else.  :)
Three stars because the menu's hit or miss. I dream about the grilled feta sandwich. Toasted just right, soft and chewy, so tasty. But I gagged on the pimento cheese sandwich. Couldn't even finish it. Tried giving it to the dog when I got home, but she didn't want it either. And she'll eat anything. One time she ate a whole tube of Neosporin. Neosporin! What a freak. Love the pasta salad, but can't stand the potato salad. I keep going back, I just get the same thing every time. Almost took off another star because one time some chicken somehow ended up in my grilled feta sandwich (I don't eat chicken), which I didn't discover until I was chewing. Yuck!. Took me a long time to forgive, but I finally did. Haven't forgotten, though - I still peek inside before taking each bite.
Russ suggested My Florist for lunch since we were in the area, but I said, "well I always go there at night and while sitting at My Florist, see this cute little lunch place across the street that I've been wanting to try, so let's go there." 

It's good for a quick lunch and an alternative to fast food (anything is better than the F food).

I got the chicken feta pita, it was okay, kinda boring.  I think I liked the design of the place better than the food. So, ++ for good marketing and design, now if they'd do something more interesting with the menu :)
This place is just OK in my book. I love the idea... a healthy alternative to fast food but it could be better. The first time I went I liked it but it's also hard to screw up a grilled cheese sandwich. Sooo... I went back and tried it again. My fruit cup was sour, my sandwich was stale and just blah tasting. I could do with out it. It made me sad though... it's so close to work I thought I was going to have a great place for a quick meal that wasn't going to top 1000 calories.
Decent Lunch spot. The food is consistent as well as the service. I like that they have 3 ice teas to choose from: Regular, Sweet, and Green. I can't say that I crave the place, but it is a nice place to go if you don't want fried food or smell of Subway. My favorite is the pimento cheese sandwich with turkey added to it. It might be a bit weird for most but when I am "hankering for hunker'n", it hits the cheese spot.
From the street, my husband and I thought Zoe's Kitchen would be like Panera - that is, we thought it would serve fast, flavorful, and good-quality lunch fare. None of these adjectives turned out to be an accurate descriptor. In fact, the food at Zoe's kitchen took 30 minutes to come out and was disgustingly bland and in a few cases, quite gross. 

We stopped in for lunch last week. The place was packed, but the line to order moved quickly, so we incorrectly assumed that we would also get our food quickly. More on that in a second. In terms of the menu, we were shocked at how uninteresting the menu options seemed. Even though the menu was decently sized and we are open to lots of different types of food and flavors, we found ourselves completely unable to choose and not drawn to any individual option. 

Even though I'm not a vegetarian, I prefer lunch sandwiches with no meat, so I was also quite irritated that the only vegetarian sandwiches were the grilled cheese and grilled feta. This is 2008, and the non-meat options at a lunch spot should be more imaginative than cheese slapped on some bread. In the end, I still ended up ordering the grilled cheese (nothing else sounded good!) and my husband selected the Greek Chicken Marinara. 

We sat down at the table, displayed our number card, and just waited. And waited. And waited. After literally waiting for 25 minutes, I checked in with the assistant manager who was manning the pick-up counter. She went into the kitchen, checked on our order, and said it would be just a "few more minutes." She even had a server bring us two slices of chocolate cake as some sort of  token of their sympathy, but it was super-dry and totally gross. Thanks, but no thanks. I'm just glad we didn't pay $2 for each slice!

It wasn't until 10 minutes later when I lost my patience and told the same server that we wanted our food immediately that we finally received it. We have a higher-than-average awareness of the difficulties of working in food service, but we found it un-acceptable that a non-full-service restaurant would take 35+ minutes to bring us two sandwiches. If they can't handle the catering, to-go, and eat-in order volume, they should hire more staff members. 

As if the slow service wasn't painful enough, my grilled cheese was completed charred (literally burned and black). After one bit of the accompanying slaw, which was soaked in mayonnaise and soggy, I  immediately walked back to the assistant manager, handed her the plate, and asked her to refund me for my plate. To her credit, she complied, but the wait had already been so egregious that I wasn't about to just write the long wait and gross food off and decide to return. 

My husband's Greek Marinara was not as terrible but was still bland and completely un-memorable. The bread was a plain roll, the chicken breast strips were formed and tasted totally processed, and the "Greek" marinara tasted like Prego. The only tasty part of his meal was the side of bagged chips!

I guarantee you that we won't be back to Zoe's Kitchen. We are huge fans of fast, casual, and fresh lunch food, but we found the food at Zoe's to be anything but.
I went here despite Yelpers telling me not to bother.  What did I get?  An overpriced, bland sandwich, confusion at the menu, and feeling awkward in the location.  

It's an uppity cafeteria that makes you want to believe that their food is good for you, but it's not. Don't make the same mistake I did!
This place saddens me. It is a void. It has a sterile atmosphere. The sandwiches were dry and not very good. The prices were high. The only reason that I went was because they handed out coupons in my neighborhood. If I had to say something good about this place, it would be that it is clean.
Very nice restuarant, clean, good food, and great service. And did i mention, the guy who helped up was gorgeous! It's directly across the street from My Florist on McDowell, which in my opinion is a great area that i hope will continue to keep building up great new stores and restuarants. Nothing bad to say. Great patio right on the street definately a great place to eat right now when the weather is perfect.
Zoe's is probably not a place to go if you are a Vegan. Actually, it's probably not a place to go if you are a T-rex either. When it comes down to it, this chain is no better than Chik-fil-a in what it offers. At least with Chik-Fil-A I get my food quickly and a nice side of cross-cut fries.

Zoe's Kitchen sits across the street from My Florist which, when you really think about it, was a dumb move on corporate's part. Both look to provide healthy food options in a market of fast food and grease. The problem is that, despite My Florist's problems, it is local, more diverse, and doesn't make you feel like you are eating in an Ikea showroom.

The food is just bad. My chicken sandwich was dry. Drier than the Mohave dry. I'm trying not to dive into other forms of hyperbole but this chicken was born and raised inside a Popiel Food Dehydrator. The least they could do would be to provide me with some mayo to fix things up a bit.

There's another one of these over on Camelback, it may or may not be better, but as far as our downtown one goes, this place will never see me or my money again.
I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.
I like the idea of Zoes, but they just don't really execute it properly. Everything is pretty bland, and I think their only flavor profile is Feta cheese. Don't get me wrong, I like Feta...but on everything? I've been there 3 times, always hoping for the best, but I always end up having to load everything with salt and pepper to even taste it. It's overpriced for just getting a simple sandwich on store bought bread with a bag of potato chips.
A frequent spot for lunch when I worked around 7 Ave and McDowell. My favorite is the chicken pita #2 which is a pita jammed with chicken breasts, feta, grilled onions and fresh veggies. Sure there are sandwiches and salads but I can make those at home. Let there be meat!

Tips:
Choose fruit or pasta.
Ask very politely for pita chips instead.
If you are retarded and can't build a sandwich, try Sack's.
Place cake into mouth, not onto face.
Sure, their branding is nice. It has that feel of something hip and youthful, which helps for a chain that tries to pass itself off as a local. Pretty colors and shiny things however don't impress my palate.

I can't explain how much I detest food from Zoe's. Fresh vegetables, grilled meats -- it should be a slam dunk. Instead, their food is BLAND. It is the inverse of food, it is anti-food, annihilating the satisfaction of eating with every bite.
Ordering:
The menu exclaimed that the chicken salad sandwich rocked, so I being easily persuaded ordered the chicken salad sandwich.    Each of their sandwiches comes with a side and a bag of potato chips.  I chose the potato salad.  I was given a number and I sat down.  The place was quite busy with only one center table available.  The food was brought out rather quickly.

The food:
The sign lied to me.  It did not rock.  It was more like listening to Enya.  Shredded lettuce, tomato, ordinary chicken salad on regular store bought bread.  The potato salad was also rather bland.

Atmosphere:
There were a lot of people and some nice music to go along with the chatter.  It had an exposed ceiling with large windows that faced McDowell.  The place gave off a nice downtown hipster vibe.  I gave the place an extra star because of the atmosphere.

Conclusion:
Not quite as good as Paradise Bakery but, better pricing and atmosphere.  I will come back but, I will order something else.
As a new yelper, I feel the need to span the star spectrum, but I really had a hard time trying to think of a 1.  Then I remembered a little voyage I took last fall, coupon in hand, to Zoe's, which is right between my apartment and work.  The coupon gave me pretty much any menu item with a drink purchase.  Thank God I had that coupon, becuase I would have been pissed if I had actually payed $7.50 for a "spinach quesadilla" which was cream cheese and cooked spinach between two tortillas.  I could have made it better for $.45 at home.  
Then I actually went back again to give it a second chance (I had a lot of coupons) and ate a very boring sandwich with cafeteria stlye mashed potatoes.   Maybe this place would be better for non vegetarians....my coworker liked his Greek Chicken plate, (liked, not loved)....it may go up to 2 or 3 stars for carnivores.
This place is great if you hate things that get all assertive with your taste buds!

I really have no idea how they managed to make their food so bland.  Maybe if they spent some money on a recipe book instead of a graphic design campaign, they'd do a little better.

The fact that it won something from the New Times proves how corrupt that process is.
I always order the Mediterranean Tuna here. It's good, but nothing else on the menu appeals to me. I go back for a really, really, quick before theater dinner.

I agree with the other reviewers' description of the place.

No one has mentioned the iced tea - I really do like the fresh iced teas.
I like zoes. It could be that my lunch options are limited during the work day. But regardless I like going here when I am craving healthy food. 
I usually get the greek salad -hold the chicken ! and it is good. 
I have also tried the grilled cheese adding tomatoe and onion to it and it tastes good as well. Also the grilled feta sandwhich is also a favorite. The feta can be a little much so I do take some of it out, but other than that I love it. The rice pilaf is lovely as well. I don't like that to substitue the greek salad as a side they charge you $3.00 extra dollars !! Outrageous. Also, on many times I have ordered the salad to go, have gotten back to work and realized they forgot to include dressing. Super annoying. But the manager gave me a free meal for the inconvenience. Overall. I like the place for a lunch option.
Poor Zoe's. They get a bad rap for being bland, but you have to give them credit for having fountain Diet Dr. Pepper and amazing chocolate cake. 

That said, it's true: Zoe's doesn't have much to offer in the way of flavor. The sides are generally flavorless and dry. The sandwiches make you feel guilty  because you could have made them so easily at home, and for much cheaper. But I just can't hate on Zoe's that hard. The staff at this location are super laidback, and I'm a sucker for cashiers who remember me after one visit. I am also a huge fan of big, clean, open spaces with minimal design. 

It could very well be that I like this place because it's quick and conveniently located near my place of employment, so don't group me with the philistinic masses who will eat anything just because the outside is pretty. I think it may be the Diet Dr. Pepper that keeps me coming back.
We get lunch at my office well, pretty much everyday. We usually stick to the reg spots, but one of the girls wanted to try this place. 

I had the Greek Pita w/ the pasta salad. It was pretty big but a little difficult to eat. Especially at your desk! I have to say though the pasta salad wasn't as great as I'd hoped. My coworker raves about the slaw. I hate it, so I couldn't tell ya, but I'd take her word... Take out was a little slow, but overall, for the price and what you got, I'd say it was worth. Good place to go for a quick lunch.
I really love the chicken and tuna salad.  Goes very nicely with their sweet tea.  Good sevice and good salads, and an overall trendy and upbeat atmosphere.  I would recommend it definately.  Plus the staff is eally nice too.
The Gruben is really delicious. I'm not a fan of Rye bread so I get it on a sesame roll.   I've had the Greek Pita a few times and like others have said, the chicken is very dry.  The "sauce" they put on the table (a greek dressing like substance) can almost make up for dryness of the chicken but not quite.  I considered giving them an extra star because there's a dude named Yoder that works there who I pretend is a Zen like sandwich master from the Dagobah system who holds the secret recipe to the delicious slaw they put on the Gruben.  

It's a bit of a cluster-F at the drink/napkin area...too tight in there for people but the fact that they have Diet Dr. P in the fountain makes up for it.  Like Nicole T, I'm a sucker for the DDP.
Zoe's Kitchen is great for a quick bite.  It was nice and quiet around dinner time.  I sat, ate my chicken roll ups and read the New Times. They were delicious.  The dipping salsa is to close to Pace.  That is my only beef with the dish.   My side was the pasta salad.  Wonderful.  I was wondering where to go for dinner for one.  I didn't want fast food and I didn't want to have to tip a waiter plus I wanted healthy food.  Zoe's delivered.  My bill was around eight dollars.  Who's a happy camper? (me) The hibiscus tea was very good.  I went for a refill.  All in all Zoe's is a satisfying option for your taste buds and your wallet.
I am in love...with Zoe's grilled feta sandwich. Everytime my co-workers and I go for lunch, I always tell myself I am going to try something else on the menu...and then I don't because I don't want to cheat on the grilled feta. My sandwich is always toasted perfectly and the tomato on the sandwich helps tone down the feta just a touch. The pasta salad is my favorite of the sides to get. I tried the potato salad once and was not wowed by it at all. For almost $9 which buys a drink, sandwich, side and chips, I always leave contently full.

As a warning, if you don't like feta cheese, this may not be the place for you. About 99% of the items on the menu contain it.
Went to lunch with a colleague. Looking for something relatively healthy and not too heavy. Was very satisfied with my meal of 2 chicken kabobs, rice and side salad accompanied with a couple of pieces of pita . Very simple, fresh tasting meal. The tables are stocked with a bottle of what appears to be their homemade vinaigrette dressing, also very tasty. I will be back.
LOVE this place! I meet my husband here for lunch as often as I can. It is a bit pricey for being a fast food place but the food is so good. I always get the pita pizza and the pasta salad. Excellent place to eat. The decor is funky but the staff is usually really nice and again, the food is great!
I eat at Zoe's often because it's a convenient place to grab lunch quickly in between teaching and afternoon meetings. I would go there just for the limeade--best thing ever! I usually get the grilled cheese sandwich with a tomato on rye and coleslaw, but the quesadillas are good, too. Overall, a great place to grab lunch on the go.
Whoops, I thought this location just opened up...but I guess I just never went down McDowell for anything. 

Anyway, I fall into the category of people who think the food induces yawning. I had the Greek Pita and there was nothing Greek about it. My chicken, though, was NOT dry at all...quite tasty by itself in fact. See, its not that the food here doesn't taste good, its just that its nothing special...a sandwich packed in your lunchbox is just as good as what I had here. This wrap tasted like the thousands of others I've had. (that's right, thousands) 

I didn't read reviews before I went, and I did it on purpose. Its right down the street, they serve sandwiches, so I had decided that this is a place that I will find something to like about. Another place to add to my wall-of-menus. But...I will visit 2 more times for a total of 3. 3 strikes and you're out is fair, right? 

On the plus side, even though the food was boring, it was still fresh. And if you scratch the dressing, it'll be healthy. But likewise if you scratch the dressing....you might fall asleep while eating.
I haven't been to Zoe's for probably a year but I always love it when I come! As I typically do, I recently had the grilled chicken plate which is grilled chicken with sauteed onions, and your choice of a side (I chose their rice-yummy) and their greek salad. The salad is always huge so I usually save it for its own meal later. Their salad comes with their signature vinaigrette which is soooooo good. We also got a pre-packaged side of their red potato salad which is good, itself, but I like to put the dressing on it, too. My husband got the tuna pita and thought it was awesome. My brother went for the mediterranean pita and raved about it, too. The food is fresh and you feel you are eating healthy. The prices are average for most places, nowadays and I think the grilled chicken plate at approx $7 is a pretty good deal when you can make two meals out of it. Oh yeah, their fountain lemonade was out when I went but my husband recommended I try their freshly squeezed limeade behind the counter. I am a huge fan of limes and this was absolutely delicious. Not too tart or too sweet, just perfect. Love, love, love Zoes.
When Zoe's kitchen was featured on Groupon, I decided to buy one and check the place out. I had the tuna sandwich (with red onions) and the potato salad. My boyfriend had the chicken marinara plate, but I can't remember the side that he had. The price was really good- $20 for two meals, and I really loved the "at-home" feel they create. The bread my sandwich was served on could have been the same that I have sitting in my pantry at home, and it looked like all of the ingredients were fresh from home. Fortunately for me, the food didn't taste as though I had prepared it - it was FAR better!! I'm excited to go back to Zoe's to experience more of the menu.
I wish there were stars for service and food separately because I hate to give 2 stars to a place I like, but the service today was just...ugh.

First off, I like Zoe's. It's not the greatest food ever but they use a lot of feta and I love feta. I am not a fan of the overdesigned feel of the restaurant, but whatever.

Today, I departed from my normal and had a different sandwich. I asked the girl at the register nicely if it could not be too heavily toasted because I've had some turkey sandwiches nearly blackened to where the bread was useless. She not only proceeded to do a subtle half-eye roll, but she was outright unpleasant. I've never seen her there before and this surprised me because usually the people up front are really nice. 

Will I go back? Yes. But I'll make sure to not go to her if there is someone else available or just order it on the phone so that way if she does answer, I can't see her roll her eyes at me. 

Oh, and they didn't burn my sandwich alright. Actually (if I could take a picture I would) they barely heated it. The cheese is still mostly intact.
Now I can't comment on their service, as I took takeout...but this place is DELICIOUS! I'm always looking for healthy places to eat for lunch and sometimes it's a strike-out. You know those places....the ones that promote good, healthy eating and when you check their nutritional values you just gobbled down 800 calories and 64g of fat! I had their Greek Chicken Pita and it was FABULOUS! SO good, so fresh, so tasty....and you know what else? Totally healthy! The entire pita is only 300 calories, so if you're watching like I do, this is great. There's plenty on their menu to keep you coming back too. And while you're there, try the slaw, different, but quite good! I'll be back for sure!
My downtown friend saved me from the Arizona Center (where the Los Olivos car wash dropped me off) and took me here.  For under $7, their lunch deal was pretty amazing.  Pick a (good) sandwich, side and chips.  The reason why I'm impressed it was a whole chicken breast in my Med Chicken sandwich... I thought Greek marinara meant code for the tzitiki (sic) sauce, but really it was red marinara... Greek maybe for the green seasoning on the chicken?

Overall it was tasty, and the lemon limeade my friend calls crack.  Six blocks from Los Olivos car wash if you're trying to kill time.  Saw they have a security enabled wifi network but didn't try asking for the wep key to see if they share.
Just didn't feel like making dinner tonite, and wanted something quick, yummy and good for me.

I noticed Zoes on my drive home and decided to stop in and check it out. The food was pretty good! I got the grilled chicken platter with a side of rice. I left feeling full (but like the good kind, not the "on my God I'm gonna pass out" kind ;) and satisfied!

I gave it 2 stars because it is kinda generic and there are so many hidden gems to keep an eye out for.

:) Enjoy!
I went to Zoe's Kitchen today for lunch and ordered the Ham & Swiss grilled sandwich. My first experience with Zoe's was mediocre, but this time was much better. There was a lot on the menu to order, but I was in the mood for something with flavor but simple. It definitely hit the spot. I work downtown and it was quick, there was seating available, but a lot of people there, and parking was much better than Pei Wei (right across the street).
All I can say is greek salad, potato salad, and Zoe's signature slaw.( not all together though, you'll explode)  I hate picnic food, but this place puts a spin on it that you wouldn't believe. I practically go broke stopping here after work every day, but my job is so demanding that I fast all day...it's worth the wait!  And if you're ever in a rush, order your food ahead of time and just pick it up...then you don't have to worry about waiting all day for your food at the high rush time (around 11pm-1pm)
I eat here at least once a week. Service is always good and food is consistent. The dressing is amazing!! Couple reasons for 3 stars--a bit overpriced. I should think more about spending $11 on lunch, but I usually don't bother. The second reason for 3 stars is that without the yummy dressing, the food is a bit bland. I always order the tuna sampler, which is great, but maybe because of the dressing. The tuna is a bit bland, and, as another reviewer pointed out, I could make the same tuna for $0.69 at home, with low cal mayo. The dressing can be purchased at Zoes, so if I become less lazy, maybe I will buy dressing there and pack my tuna from home...
If you're looking for a quazi-healthy, fast casual lunch spot, Zoes is your spot. It's easy and great for a work week lunch. It's nothing that exciting from an ambiance perspective but the food is good (not great), it does the trick and won't break the bank.  

I usually get the chicken salad sandwich which carmelized onions. My girlfriend always gets the protein plate which looks good too. Plus, every item comes with chips and a side of your choice (slaw, potato salad, pilaf, etc.)

My favorite part about Zoe's you ask? That Diet Dr. Pepper is part of the soda fountain selection. Divine.
This is my Go-To Spot for lunch. The food is always great, service even better and the prices just perfect.  

I usually get the mediterranean  (sp?) tuna pita . it's a great soft pita filled with tuna, onions, capers and tomatoes. The tuna's mixed in with this oil and vinegar mixture, totally awesome! I sometimes will get the Greuben, which is a grlled reuben made with turkey and their home made slaw with feta!  My all time fave meal there is the Power Protein Plate, which is grilled chicken served with caramelized onions and a huge heap of the slaw!

They also have great sides like killer potato salad, pasta salad and the aforementioned slaw. If you're looking for a great pretty healthy spot to get lunch, check it out!
We pulled over to grab lunch here this weekend based solely on the appearance... It looked like it would be great!
Their menu didn't seem that unique, but the girl who took our order was extremely friendly and offered some advice on her favorites, which included a pita and for both of us to get sides of the pasta salad. For 2 people to have lunch, I though $19 was a little steep, but we tried to stay optimistic as we found a place to sit. The environment was great- roomy, clean, bright, colorful. When our food was brought to us, my pita already was torn all the way down, so there was no way I was going to be able to manuever eating it with my hands. I probably should have said something, but instead just went up and asked for a fork and a knife. 
Flavors were good, nothing special. Chicken was dry, and the pasta salad was nothing I would write home about. 
We left full, somewhat pleased, but could have had the same experience for half the price.
The food isn't great.  I really only like the chocolate cake which is strangely sweet but does not have much chocolate flavor.  (Still I'm strangely addicted to it).  The food is rather bland, the main flavoring ingredient seems to be salt and oregano and that's about it.
Came here for the 1st time today with my dad for lunch. The entrance door is huge! It's a bright & modern space, I dug it. The chairs weren't the comfiest, but eh whatever most modern furniture isn't. Any way, my dad got a cup of the chicken + orzo soup & I got the chicken roll-ups that came with chips & I chose the pasta salad for my side. Dad said his soup was pretty good & ate 1 of my roll-ups, said it was pretty good but kinda bland in flavor. I thought the roll-ups were pretty good too & agree that they needed a lil extra somethin. I didn't eat the chips but the pasta salad was very yummy. For both meals & 2 drinks, I think it was less than $20. I'd probably come back again for lunch if I was trying to eat on the lighter/healthy side.
Anytime I can get out of the office to get lunch, I go to Zoe's.  Great array of fresh and mostly healthy meals.  LOVE the chicken salad and the (not so healthy) chocolate cake.  Staff are friendly, service is quick, food is consistent which is the best recipe for an successful work lunch.
I'm going to keep this review very short and sweet because until yesterday, I never really felt compelled to yell from the rooftops about Zoe's meals. Especially for my fellow vegetarians.

But the tides have changed, my friends. Yesterday, because they are close to work and I was starving, I decided to hit up Zoes for the only thing I ever really eat there - the Grilled Pimento cheese on rye which I highly recommend! Sometimes the cheese doesnt melt right and its lumpy but the flavor is divine. No boring grill cheese there. The rye adds a lovely added dimension of grilled-cheesiness.

Now for the new, sexier menu, there are a few more veg options. 

I had the hummus and salad plate and I was so surprised at the awesome flavor. The hummus was as good as my homemade hummus and the salad is very well done with real lettuce (no nutritionless iceburg here) and fresh veggies and of course, the requisite Zoe's feta cheese. The cucumber Raita was just the right touch. 

Soooooo tasty!

Now I'm not a fan of any of their sides, till now. The Braised white beans are a dream. I dont know what spices they used (ginger maybe?) but I couldnt believe my tastebuds. So proud of Zoe's.

Two notable changes:

1)There is now a separate charge to grill the Pimento cheese sandwich (10 cents - really????) in addition to the 22 cent price hike.

2) Chips no longer come with the sandwiches but are an extra 65 cents. (cheaper than the vending machine at work still)

Either way, I'm compelled now to patronize this little spot more often. Next time I'm trying the new spinach wraps...mmmm
Zoe's Kitchen is good, but that's all I can say about it. I would happily go back for another meal, but it is never my first choice. The food is tasty, but nothing extraordinary. I don't want my review to sound negative - because I've never had a bad experience at Zoe's; it just isn't worth more than 3 stars.
Stumbled across Zoes on our way out of town, we're touring musicians so fresh, fast, inexpensive food is super important to us on the road. We got excited as soon as we walked in the door. You could smell the freshness!

We had a hard time deciding, but I had the spinach wrap with chicken and Greg had the turkey reuben. Both were fabulous, and the fresh slaw with feta side was fantastic as well. We so wish we had a place like this at home!
You know what? I was way too harsh on Zoe's in my previous review. I've caught myself eating at Zoe's much more often these days, and I can always count on a delicious meal. That deserves more than three stars. 

I especially like the "Grben" with potato salad. Yum!
it is very nice to have a healthier alternative during lunch. That being said, the food really isn't that great and is WAY OVERPRICED. My small pita sandwich (comes with a side), and drink was over $10 bucks. You can go to Paradise or Subway for a whole lot less. Not only that, but there is never any parking available, and most of the menu items are completely bland. Drop the prices and add some flavor to the food.
Zoe's is a great place to go to when you dont want to cook dinner and you need something healthy.  I went there yesterday after the gym and ordered the chicken kabobs with extra salad.  Nothing really special about the actual meal, it is just chicken seasoned with some grilled veggies on a bed of salad.  One cool thing about this place is that you get a free small drink after 5pm when you order a dinner meal.  When I checked in on my iPhone I also received a 10% off my next meal there, so I will go back sometime soon.

The girl that helped me was really nice which is always a plus!
I forgot how much I liked Zoe's.  I used to come here all the time but just stopped for some reason.... now I'll put it back on to the "usual" list for sure.  The "Grben" grilled turkey sandwich on rye is super delicious, and I can't get enough of the feta coleslaw, though the pasta salad w/ basil is really tasty too.  I noticed they've added braised white beans as a side option which is intriguing; can't wait to try them!  The service is always ridiculously fast; which is a plus for a 'fast/casual' type place. 

The chocolate sheet cake is super yummy and reminds me of the cakes my grandma used to make.  You always get bonus points for reminding me of my grandmother. :)
This place is the best! Always friendly staff, super delicious salads and chicken kabobs. Would recommend to all!!!
I had to bump Zoe's up a star! Their hummus & pita plate is delish & I love the spinach roll ups, I think they're better than the chicken ones. I also bought a refillable cup that I can bring back for 99 cent refills. I usually come here to get a light, healthy lunch, but if you're feeling like some dessert their chocolate cake is freaking amazing!
Spinach wrap and iced  tea, can't go wrong.  Perfect for lunch. Always nice staff as well-service with a smile.
Everything I've ever had here is excellent (I've probably eaten here about 10 times).  The "Grben" is my favorite (grilled turkey, swiss, slaw, spicy mustard, rye bread), but chicken roll-ups are a close second.  They offer a great selection of sides, and the fruit is always fresh. The limeade is so worth it in my opinion, though I don't think you get refills on that.  (Note if you buy a big cup you can bring it back for a deal on the limeade.)  Also note that if you check in on your Yelp phone app, Zoe's gives 10% off; every 3 check-ins gets you a free piece of chocolate cake. I'm a fan of the cake as are many others, though my wife didn't care for it.  Oh, and the parking: very tough to get right now with the construction next door. If you wait a few minutes you should get a space in the lot and won't have to park around the corner. (I haven't tried parking in the costume store lot.)
I crave Zoe's when I'm in the mood for something light and fairly healthy. I love their chicken salad and tuna salad. Both are pretty much just meat, mayo, and salt/pepper/spices, I think. No onions and no mustard make me a happy chicken/tuna salad eater! I also love their pimento cheese, feta slaw, and potato salad. The chocolate cake, though, is what hooked me onto Zoe's in the first place. It is basically a Texas sheet cake - moist, not too overpoweringly chocolatey, with that boiled fudge frosting that soaks in and seals in the goodness of the cake. {Droooool}
Good place for something quick and healthy.  I'm a fan of the pasta salad--it's light and tasty!

So glad i live near both locations in central phx--so can do when i feel the urge:)
I went to Zoe's Kitchen for lunch last week & had a great meal. I ordered the chicken salad & fruit plate which was pretty big. By the time I ate the chicken salad & fruit I was so full I couldn't eat the remaining greens. 

They have a ton of soup, salad, sandwich & hummus options - can't wait to try more!
What happened to this place? I used to go here quite often, but I am thinking twice before returning. I waited to update this review until I had 3 negative experiences because I wanted to give Zoe's the benefit of the doubt, but things have not improved. First off, there has been water covering the floor of the left side of the restaurant the past 3 times I have been there. I think they have a leaky roof, but it has been weeks, maybe even months, and there is still water. This is hazardous and just plain disgusting. Also, the restaurant is just dirty. I had to ask to have 2 different tables wiped down, and the crumbs from the table were wiped onto the chairs. There were 5 of us in for lunch last week, and every chair was covered in crumbs from the previous diners. So gross! I am sad this place has gone downhill; Zoe's has always been a staple for my friends and me, and now we will have to find a replacement.
The reason I Yelp is for entertainment and because I use the reviews from others to choose where I spend my money, so I like doing my part by sharing my own experiences. My intention is not to get free stuff. Ever. I rarely write negative reviews, and the reason I wrote a negative review for Zoe's was because I believe the conditions of the restaurant were a health risk. That being said, here is my update. So one of the managers from Zoe's asks for my phone number so he can find out more information. I give it to him, willing to share my experience. He calls me, hears me out, and apologizes. Then he asks for my address so he can send me a gift certificate. Unnecessary, I tell him, but nice touch. So I give him my address. Now, 2 weeks later, nothing. I messaged the customer service person who had contacted me initially just to let her know the gift card had not arrived. Just pretty surprising the level of poor management. I am no longer wondering what happen to Zoe's because it is pretty self evident.
I was pretty excited to try this place.  I love quick, healthy food.  I was disappointed.  My cole slaw was super soggy and loaded with mayo.  I asked for no mustard on my club pita and it had mustard.  The pita was hard around the edges.  

I am willing to give it another try.  Or maybe another location.  It could have been just a rare bad day.

The service was friendly.
Not bad, but not the best.

I had been wanting to try Zoe's because I adored their logo and sign font outside their restaurant. Great color scheme. The interior was cute to match and even had local artists' works propped up on ledges which was nice to see the local support. I couldn't figure out if this was a chain or locally owned because it looked borderline corportate inside but had a lot of "we support local" types about. 

As a first-timer I asked the counter girl her suggestion and she (and the woman behind her) were kind enough to offer up good suggestions. I order Zoe's Club Pita with pasta salad for $8. I walked away but doubled back to ask if it had come with a drink, the counter girl said no but gave me a drink anyway... uh, hello, so nice!

I'm glad I took the workers suggestions because the pasta salad was AMAZING! A generous portion of feta cheese and tomatoes was delightful, my only complant was there wasn't enough. I wanted more!

My sandwhich on the other hand was a different story. The pita pocket had huge hole in it making it tear and really difficult to handle. The meat wasn't positioned all the way into the pocket and most of it was falling out the top. It was like three slices of ham had been wrapped around huge slices of grilled chicken and shoved into the pita. I was pretty sad to see this. I ate the whole thing and although it was tasty, it wasn't easy to keep altogether.

I really appreciated the counter girl's kindness in giving me a drink but the status of the sandwhich was enough to probably deter me from returning. Which is too bad because I love that they support local so much. Maybe I should have had a salad.
This was a fresh take and a nice change from the "normal" fast lunches I am used to. One my first visit I asked the lady helping me what she recommended. She said the steak kabobs are excellent and so are the chicken. My partner and I got one of each, lets just say this has become a regular stop for us. Food was fresh and tasty and the staff have always been very pleasant.
After several negative experiences, I was given several free lunch passes to Zoes, so I figured, what the hey? Might as well enjoy a free meal and see if there have been improvements made. I called and placed a to-go order, which was the same item I always get, the tuna salad sampler. When you call Zoes, they have your phone number in their computer, which tells the person answering what you typically order. So I go into the restaurant, impressed by the new look of Zoes. The floors and tables were clean (Awesome!) and they have new furniture, which has created a warmer feeling in the dining room. The girl who took my order and cashed me out was pleasant and very excited about my free lunch coupon. She was endearing. I left the restaurant with a smile on my face! I get back to work and open the box and...it was the wrong menu item. SNAP. I was so excited. I call back and let them know I was returning to get the correct menu item. When I returned to Zoes, the women who I believe to be the manager, barely grunted at me while handing me my food. No sorry, no please excuse the inconvenience, no nothing. So, A-OK.
I would like one of these in NY please!

Up until the day I came here I had never had a pimento cheese sandwich before. Let alone a grilled pimento cheese sandwich. So, you must excuse my inability to comment on this pimento cheese sandwich in relation to others. But,  holy fscking god, was this food good!

So good I came back the next day to get spinach rolls. Which were like spinach pie but in a crispy tortilla style roll served with some tomato based salsa. T'was fabulous!
Everyone I work with loves this place, but I find it a little pricy for what you get.
Good food, quick service. Kinda pricey for the brown bag crowd. Great tea!
I had no clue I've the sophistication of an earthworm when it comes to food until I read other Zoes Kitchen reviews.  For our information, looking at the Zoe's Kitchen web page, I found out they are a national chain.  Call-in/Take-out and catering are  big parts of the business model.   The fine points of excellence are up to the franchisee.  

It looks like people having the worst experiences come in for lunch.  We tried Zoes for an evening meal.  Nicely styled with an attractive glass wall on the north facing McDowell Street.  Outdoor dining.  

We got a chicken kabob and a hummus and salad plate.  Both came with a haystack of mixed green salad with onion, Greek olives and feta.  That's fine with me.  The health survey my insurance company bribed me to fill out determined I don't eat enough greens and fruits.  Score one for Zoe's there. Each table had a bottle of Greek dressing so salads are seasoned to taste.  Mine also came with a tiny tub of Tzatziki.

The chicken kabob was good.  Chicken, green pepper, onion, cherry tomato.  I found out I like cherry tomatoes much more when they're grilled.  Apparently my family has a gene for fresh tomato aversion.  The grilled cherry T's were very good, the chicken not overcooked, and the rest of the veggies very good.  

The amount of hummus, about 3/4 cup, was decent, the pita was served as small wedges.  The taste was hummus and pita.  Not Great, not Terrible.  

Our beverages were endless ice tea.  

The bit of the meal that was unprofessional in the food service industry was a salad core in Sweet D's greens pile.  The price of our meal was $21.00.   I'm thinking the goal of this Mediterranean fast food franchise is a meal for $10.  We'll go back.  After we try more of the eateries at 7th Ave and McDowell.
My 11 year old daughter and I tried Zoes Kitchen for dinner tonight and while expecting an ok cafe and hoping for a quick, decent meal, were pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food. I had the steak roll-ups entree and the rolls were delish! There was tons of flavor in the meat and veggies, the dip was great, and I loved the pasta salad side. My daughter had the chicken roll-ups kids meal and loved it. She tried one of my rolls as well and loved the steak roll-up dip...and ended up taking the rest of the cup of dip home because she loved it so much. 

I will say the portions were satisfying for us, being smaller girls, but I can imagine that any male I know or someone with a big appetite might be disappointed in just getting one entree so the price point might be high if someone has to compensate for the small portions with extra sides or dishes. 

We will definitely be back and I want to try the hummus next time along with some other dishes that looked tasty.
Good for a quick dinner.
My husband and I stopped here when I got off work.  I had been to Zos before, but I didn't remember the food all that much.  So it was worth it to give the place another try.

The ambiance was nice and had a modern feel to it.  At the same time, I never got the chain-restaurant feel.  The patrons were nice and normally dressed, and the staff were all friendly and dressed casually without looking sloppy.

Everyone was friendly, and the staff seemed genuinely interested in helping.  Since it had been awhile since I was there, I had a few questions about a few selections.  The employee helping me was knowledgeable and always had a smile on her face.

I ordered the spinach wrap and Greek salad, and my husband ordered the chicken-salad sandwich with some fresh fruit.  From the time of order to when it was served seemed interminably long.  Although I don't consider the place a fast-food establishment and didn't expect the food to come that quickly, I didn't expect it to take nearly 20 minutes to be served, either.  Considering the place wasn't terribly busy, I wondered what took so long.

When our food arrived, it was well-plated.  My wraps were plated nicely atop of my Greek salad.  The salad was well-organized and looked succulent.  My husband's arrangement was straightforward; it was cut in half and surrounding the bowl of fruit, which was in the middle of the plate.

My food had an okay taste.  It certainly wasn't the best that I have ever tasted.  The tortilla was stale and stiff, and the chicken was terribly dry.  The spinach was fresh and well-seasoned, but the dry, tough chicken overpowered the entire meal.

The salad was good.  The feta cheese was fresh, and the bell pepper was freshly cut.  The spinach greens were fresh, too.  The salad dressing tasted run-of-the-mill, though.

My husband liked his sandwich and said that it was the best that he had in a while.  That's a bonus.  His fruit looked and tasted fresh.  He was pleased with his meal.

Overall, it was an acceptable experience.  The staff made the visit worth it in the end.  They were pleasant to deal with, which overcame the reality that the food, at least mine, was lackluster and needed improvement.
Awesome lunch spot! Very fresh foods, you can tell exactly what you're eating.  Even the fruit salad looks made fresh daily (and its not your usual melon and cantaloupe mix).  Their menu is healthy to begin with, but you can also ask for their Simply 500 menu and see all their options with 500 or fewer calories. The Greek chicken pita is huge and only 460 calories...delicious!
This place is good, but nothing incredible. I went here for lunch today and it was busy! It was difficult to find parking, but I managed to snag a space (in the lot next door...shhhh don't tell!). Anyway, it was easy enough to order, although none of their dishes really screamed at me (most of them sounded ok, but not great). At someone's suggestion, I ordered the chicken roll ups and they were alright. The chicken and the onions were good, but I think maybe the cheese or something in there made them taste just slightly off. Anyway, it was good, but I wouldn't run over there to get it. This place does get points for being fairly inexpensive and quick.
Maybe I've just been lucky - I've always had great experiences at Zoe's.  The albacore tuna pita is great, as is the Greek chicken pita.  Today I had the Chicken pita pizza - amazeballs!  Also, the marinated slaw is to die for - huge chunks of feta cheese.  The service is always fast and friendly, and the food is always fresh.  It's a great lunch spot, if you can find a parking spot ;-)
They remembered I ordered the Gruben every time I come here, impressive
This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. The food is delicious and not too pricey and I love the fact that it is healthy. One of my favorites is the Lean Turkey Pita. I just love their slaw. There is no maynnaise - just green onions, feta cheese, and their terrific greek dressing. They also have great pasta salad and their chicken roll-ups are fantastic. You absolutely have to get a piece of their chocolate cake as well. It reminds me of my mom's Texas Sheet Cake and it's so good! They also have dinners to go that are amazing.
Their greek chicken pita is my favorite lunch dish.  And you need to add some of their house vinegar & oil.
This was my first time being there. The smell of the place was kind of stinky. The lady took my order and seemed like she was in a rush (there were no lines).

I got my food and drink. The milk tasted bad so I took it back up there and the lady was really rude about it.

I ordered the steak kabobs with roasted vegetables and potatoes. The steak itself was tasty. Juicy. Flavorful. The vegetables were old, and the potatoes were soggy and flavorless. 

It's good to try new things so you know not to go there ever again :)
The Chicken Dinner meal is so good!  I find different friends to go there with since I go often and always get the same meal.  I don't want people to think I'm weird by wanting to eat at the same place w/same meal all the time.
I have this catered at work often.  Always fresh and delicious.  I especially enjoy the chicken kabob platter with brown rice and fresh salad with Pita.  Very consistent in taste and quality.   I always wonder why this location is not busier.  It is certainly a well kept secret.
I enjoy the chicken salad - very good!
Overpriced for what you get.
Went here for dinner last night for the first time. The desserts and packaged foods looked DELICIOUS. 

I am picky about meat (like I don't like biting into tendons and things I don't want to eat) so the chicken kabobs were a little iffy (I bit into things I didn't want to eat), but they were seasoned well. 

The rest of the food was very fresh. The greek salad that I got as a side was great!! A ton of feta cheese on mine, really clean lettuce. The side of rice was great, too. 

I am gluten-free, so I had to pass on the pita bread, but that looked really good, too. 

The food was a little simple for my taste, but not bad. I'm not sure if I would go back, just because of my food preferences, but others may love it. 

They serve you on disposable plates and cups with plastic silverware, so it's a very simple restaurant. 

Another person in my party got a chicken pita, but it looked like it was only a half pita stuffed with chicken. I personally would have wanted two halves, but I guess I eat a lot...

Worth a try once if you like fresh food, pitas, veggies and kabobs. It's a good place to stop in to try something quick and new.

Overall, good, but I prefer the restaurants around the area though- there is a Habit Burger, Five Guys, etc that I would prefer.
The steak rolls are good but not worth the price
I used to not go here anymore because the service was so slow. Decided to give it a shot again a few months ago...and the service still makes for 3 and not a 4 star review. I usually stick to the Greek chicken pita which I've had 3-4 times and it's kind of a hit in miss in terms of how good the chicken is cooked. Sometimes absolutely delicious and other times a little dry. A friend suggested I ask for hummus inside the pita (strange I know) but that really does the trick in terms of having a "good" pita there and if only they could improve their service speed so you don't have to wait 20 minutes each time they would get a 4. I almost gave them 4 this time around because a manager approached us as we were having dinner and of course noticed that we had to get up twice to ask if our order was almost ready. She was nice enough to comp our meal and gave us a gift card, but I don't want that kind act to compromise my review of Zoe's. So 3 stars it is.
I needed a place to cater an event for my work and upon my search for "boxed lunches  that deliver," I found Zoes. I didn't want to give folks a typical sandwich boxed lunch and needed something that would appease carnivores, gluten free folks and vegans alike and I feel like Zoes Kitchen was perfect. Working with their sales manager Marissa made the whole process super easy. Their boxed lunches were great! I went with chicken kabobs, veggie kabobs and chicken green salads and was so impressed with the presentation. Delivery and set up was great! The delivery girls did have a spill and 2 veggie kabobs didnt make it but I appreciated that they were honest about it and I was refunded. Zoes had no problem in individually packaging all 110 of my orders. They even brought along some nifty coolers with ice for drinks and all of the necessary paperware/plasticware. They accommodated to my party's needs (chicken and pita bread on sides for vegetarians/gluten free folks). I had the chicken kabob lunch and it was so good! The chicken was flavorful, the salad was refreshing. I was also very happy that I decided to order some of their cookies because they were such a big hit! Everyone at the event raved about the food, so I definitely know who to call the next time I have an event in Phoenix.
I love Zoe's.  The food is always good and the service is always pleasant.
I live very close by to this Zoe's and go here a lot.  A LOT.  Like, embarrasingly a lot.  And it's always for lunch, and I always order to-go, and I always order the same exact thing, the same exact way:  Greek salad, no olives, no potato salad, extra red onions.  I used to have a problem where I'd get home and find chicken added to it (a no-no for a vegetarian like me), but I haven't had that issue in about a year.  Nonetheless, I check it while I'm still there every time to make sure.  The salad is big and tasty (especially without those nasty olives or unnecessary potato salad glob at the bottom), and I feel like it's pretty healthy and low calorie.  The service is nice and pretty efficient, even during weekday lunch rush when it's a real challenge to find parking and maneuver around the lot without getting hit.  They don't even embarrass me about coming so often and ordering the same exact thing, haha.  The one thing I can say as a critique- they could be a bit more consistent on their salads.  Sometimes there is a ton of something, like lettuce or feta, and other times it's challenging to find it at all.  This place is solid.
I felt bad tonight because we were in a total hurry but we stopped in to grab a bite
We hadn't been to Zoe's Kitchen so we weren't really sure what to expect
After looking at the menu
I decided on the Zoe's Club Pita with potato salad as my side
I like how they have the Coke Free machines :)
It wasn't extremely busy but our food took almost 30 minutes and we were in such a hurry that we almost got a refund
Just because we had something due within the next hour
The lady in charge of distributing the orders was very nice and let us know that our food was ready
She even offered a chocolate cake
Thank you!
I felt so bad because I am one of the most patient people and I understand the restaurant business and time
Next time we know about the online ordering and even the mobile app ordering

I got home and was very excited to eat my dinner and it was very tasty
The pita had a great amount of grilled chicken & ham
The potato salad was yummy as well

All in all, Zoe's kitchen is good in my book and the only head's up I would give to anyone is that this is a lovely sit down restaurant, very healthy and modern. The decor is very hip and modern and I really like the doors. It fits in well on the 7th Ave/Mcdowell strip 

We will be back and hopefully next time we won't have to rush :)
First off AMAZING chocolate cake!! Most of the good is awesome !! But sometimes service is a little slow :-/
This is a great place for lunch.  Everytime we go we always see firefighters and police which means that it is good and cheap!  I found the food very fresh and the hummas was great.  Almost eveyrthing is homemade.  I did try the chicken sandwhich and found the chicken kinda dry, but the freshaness of everythign else makes up for it.  Definatly reccomend this place if you are around downtown for lunch... but with the consturtion now it is kinda pain to get to, but worth it!
#2 in an ongoing series of restaurants I frequent without actually setting foot in them.*

Athenian Express is a staple for sustenance where I work. They are just down the street, they're good and they're fast at delivering. I've sampled many of their menu items in the past, but once I discovered their fresh chicken salad served on a freshly made pita, I was hooked. I don't even need the menu anymore. Before I became a chicken salad fanatic, I had tried their gyros and hamburgers. Fan of Feta? This is your place. I ordered the Feta Burger once... once. The patty was obviously from a frozen pack of processed burgers that one could easily buy at Costco, but that's not a major gripe. I just like fresh beef if I am ordering a burger from a restaurant. 

The spanakopita is great, but it's rich. The tiropita is tasty as well, but without the addition of spinach it's a bit too rich. For a "Greek" restaurant, there is a varied selection of food. Reubens and patty melts, french fries and fresh fruit. Of course, a staple of any great Greek place; baklava. My colleagues and I ordered so much food from Athenian Express over the last year that they recently gave us an entire tray of baklava as a thank you and an invite to their employee Christmas party. I'd say that's a testament to how much we like Athenian Express.




*I totally just said "#2".
Cheap and fast -express !! - delicious hummus and taromasalata , the burgers weren't bad ,  a convenient location for where I was working - myself and colleagues had around fifteen meals here in the space of a week , - nothing wrong with any of them.
Convenient and tasty. I work right next door to this place, and it's like my office's cafeteria. 

The best thing about this restaurant are the wonderful people who run it. They're always very friendly and helpful. 

They feature a surprisingly diverse menu that ranges from the obvious (gyros and pitas) to the not-so-"Athenian" (egg salad sandwhiches and ruebens). 

One thing I really like about this restaurant is how generous they are with their high-quality indgredients. You can really tell they don't cut many corners.

It should also be mentioned that they have the best Greek salad in town. It's delicious! (just get it without the onions, thy're way too strong)
This is one of my all-time favorite places to grab a quick (and casual) bite downtown. The service is consistently excellent, and the owners are extremely friendly. They are flexible with their menu, too - they do their best to get you exactly what you want. 

I recommend the stuffed avocado salad. It's a special, and boy is it amazing. The fruit here is also superb - always so fresh! My friends and I swear they have someone designated to just cut fruit all day, it's so fresh. The hummus is the best hummus in town. Get it with extra veggies!

The only downfall Athenian has is it's hours. Monday thru Friday til 5, closed on the weekends. No fun for those of us who live in the area. But other than the short hours, this is one of my favorite places in the area - I would recommend it to anyone.
Athenian Express is just that.

No, not "Athenian". . ."Express"!

Another in the long list of counter-service restaurants in Phoenix, this could quite possibly be the fastest ever.  After the wife and I had placed our order, we filled our fountain sodas, gawked at the impressive selection of hot sauces, selected a table to sit at, and before my butt even hit the seat the food was on its way to the table.  Impressive!  Finally a place to grab a quick, hassle-free lunch.  And, well, since they aren't open past 5:00PM or on weekends at all anyway, I guess this place has figured out its niche - the downtown lunch crowd.

They offer a huge variety of subs, pitas, and salads, most of which are your normal deli standards.  Most of the actual Greek offerings aren't even listed on the regular menu but as "sides" - falafel, spanakopita, dolmades, hummus.

We ordered a gyro and a falafel platter. Be forewarned, the "garnish" that comes with the falafel pita is essentially a side salad, I made the mistake of getting the side salad instead of one of the other sides and had two big mounds of veggies.  Not a big deal, just something to know for next time.  

The food itself wasn't spectacular by any means.  In fact, dare I say the gyro meat looked pre-pacakged and was DEFINITELY not freshly shaved off a big rack of lamb, the pieces were waaaay too uniform in size and shape.

But hey, 2 super-quick large meals and huge sodas for $15 works for me!
oh alas my Athenian Express our relationship was cut short by your niche ours of operations. as you see my dear. i only live downtown. so our short lived affair can only be just that. short. your Gyro Picado was tasty and you carried the heat that i enjoy in my relationships. the 4lbs of french fries were lovely, crisp, but waaaay too many. i truly appreciate your abundant portions, but i do not feel a need to gorge myself on your bounty.

ok lame love poems aside. this place is a great little greekish noshery. the patty melt my friend got looked awesome, we can more or less confirm the pre-formed patty observed by another yelper. but it was still grilled to perfection, sporting American cheese as by friend likes it was also a gold star.

she works in spitting distance to this place. unfortunately i work in Tempe. i was off on PTO today so figured would get lunch together. oddly enough another good friend was having lunch there too...great minds think alike they say..i concur.

atmosphere is typical sit down with some Chicago sport memorabilia on the side. GO CUBBIES!!!
i would certainly be here more...if not for the hours of operation.  this downtown area needs to pick up on the weekends so places like this will have a reason to be open on the weekenders. alas..i don't' think that will happen anytime soon. till then Athenian. i love your lunch.
One of my favorite lunch spots.  Again, a family owned restaurant that I absolutely love!

This is the best Greek in town!  It is authentic, inexpensive and tasty.  It makes that Big Fat place look like Olive Garden. 

My favorites are the gyro feta pita, the hummus, chicken picado pita (add feta), the french fries are probably the best ever, the dolmades are little bites of sunshine.  The portions are huge and they are always generous with the feta (and the onions - who eats that many onions anyway?!).  The onions are easy to pick off though...

They have the best fruit salad bowl I've ever had!

The owners and the staff are the best!  I just wish that I could convince them to open for dinner and for the weekends.  

Plus, I always feel safe with all of the cops who eat there!
I've eaten here about once a month for the past 2 years, since my office is close by. The service is fast and friendly, and in two years, they've only screwed up my order once, which is pretty decent. It's a nice little family-owned establishment that caters to the downtown lunch crowd.

The food can be described as Americanized Greek, with a nice selection of salads and sandwiches. My recommendations: The hummus, the steak and mushroom sub w/fries or the chicken salad-stuffed avocados.  The food is fresh, fast and you can get lunch and a drink for under $10. Also decent: The Stacy Salad and the Chicken Souvlaki. When you order, be aware that they pile on the onions and the feta cheese unless you tell them otherwise.

Athenian Express is located right along the light rail and within walking distance of ASU's Walter Cronkite School of Journalism. The building is plain, but clean, decorated with Chicago Cubs banners and usually CNN is playing on one of the three TVs. 

Parking is limited and is available behind the restaurant. They do have outdoor seating and a clean restroom. Athenian Express also has a loyalty card program, but you have to ask for a card...Every 10th lunch is free!

Overall, a positive experience for those who enjoy the simple things in life.
I just learned that they are now open on Saturday's. YEAH! My Mom and I stopped there for lunch today (Saturday), and it was empty. As we ate, a few more people stopped in. I don't think everyone knows they are open on Saturday's yet, but hopefully the business will pick up. 

I discovered this place thanks to some friends at work. Since my first visit, I've never been disappointed. I always order the Chicken Picado Pita and it is always so delicious! Just the right chicken to pepper and onion ratio. The pitas are fresh, the tzatziki sauce superb and their french fries are magnificent -- crispy outside and melt-in-your-mouth buttery inside. Although I've yet to venture outside my own menu choices, they have plenty of items to choose from and I'm sure just as delicious.

The staff is friendly and accommodating. The parking is limited if you get there on a busy day, but otherwise it isn't too hard to find a spot. Like others have mentioned, it is right on the light-rail route so the location is great too.  They even have a small patio out front where you can enjoy your food and the Phoenix weather (when permitting). 

If you are out and about in the downtown area during the week or Saturday, definitely give Athenian Express a try. It is one of those affordable, quality food gems that you shouldn't miss out on.
While waiting for my car to be repaired at The Auto Shop (we had an hour to spare), I thought I'd treat Mom and myself to a proper breakfast at Matt's Big Breakfast (I've only had lunch there once), but after seeing the long line of people waiting to get in, I decided we'd try lunch at AE, instead- it came with glowing recommendations from TAS's manager (this resto is just across the road from the shop, which is very convenient for the employees here).  

Bare accommodations- cafeteria-style tables and chairs, TVs, window counter seating.  Help-yourself complimentary coffee and tea counter, with shakers of Splenda available to those inclined to use them- nice touches!  Their breakfast menu sounded very tempting, but the man behind the counter told me that the delivery guy with the eggs wouldn't be in for another 10 minutes or so (Feta omelette, anyone?).  I decided we'd try the Friday fish special of grilled tilapia over salad and a gyro pita with a side salad, extra feta.  I did not enjoy eating the tilapia as it would magically crumble into tiny pieces the moment I cut it with a fork or a knife.  Very annoying!  Besides this, the whole dish tasted very bland since I opted to forgo the housemade vinaigrette (contained allergens); Thankfully, the extra feta (LOVE feta!) salvaged the dish and I was able to down the fish even without the use of a spoon, of which I was constantly wishing would be on hand.  The gyro pita was a much tastier experience, although Mom did not like the meat.  Truth be told, this could not compare with the meat in the gyro dinner I just had a few nights before at MBFGR, but for the price (around $6), it made for a quick and satisfying lunch (and the extra feta in the pita didn't hurt, either)!  While the gyro is not made in-house, AE does have it shipped in three times a week from Chicago, so I was told by the man behind the counter.

Baklava looked awesome, but I couldn't try it since it contained an allergen, but no worries since any item offered here would be fulfiiling enough!
I'll give you 3 Athenian, especially since I found you while heading up Central today hungry and totally confused.

I'm impressed with the cheap prices, the "Chicago retired cop" ownership and the attention to cleanliness with the establishment.

The lamb was cooked absolutely perfectly and the produce was impressively fresh however the Tzakiki  (spell check anyone?) sauce was rather absent and the amount of feta cheese dumped on top was rather absurd, making a very rich gyro experience altogether. 

I'd go back, but being that it's so far from home I wouldn't make an un needed trip to dine here.
Delightfully impressed.  
Great food for great prices.  

My lunch favs are: 
-Chicken Picado Pita
-Fresh fruit (not your ordinary fruit salad you get anywhere - you'll find slices of kiwi, mango, oranges, melon, grapes, strawberries)
-To-die-for Hummus

I take one star away for accessibility.  With the new light rail and the one way streets, it's difficult to get to.  You have to drive in the back alley to park.
Stumbled across this place while working a photo shoot in the area and we ordered in.  Since then we haven't stopped eating at Athenian Express.   A good five miles out of the way.    What attracted us?  Great food, great prices and the owners wife was undeniable friendly.  Seriously one of the genuinely nicest people I have ever met.   I started out with the Turkey Pita.  Delicious. Yet she urged me to be more creative.   Love it all now including the staff.   There isn't a day where it isn't hussle and bussle in the place,  yet the service is fast and always accurate.  Seriously, I eat it almost every day.
Um, yum!  This place is a great spot for lunch if you work in the downtown, mid-town, uptown Phoenix area.

I chose a hamburger and fries, even though I love gyros, but it was one of those days where a burger and fry were just needed for me to continue with my day.  

The environment is a large open area of basic tables and chairs, it looks like it gets really busy around lunch time so maybe not the best kept up dining room but people move through pretty quickly. 

The menu is MASSIVE-- we are talking, they have pretty much anything to satisfy your hunger.  They even had a variety of low carb options which is a big menu choice these days.  ( i really need to get back to low carb)

Staff is really nice.  We'll be back without a doubt.
So Dallas G and I were thinking of a lunch spot.  I suggested Cibo, Matt's, or Valley Pizza, and he thought of Focaccia Fiorentina.  I thought FF sucked the first time I went there but was willing to give it another try. But when we got there ol' Dally had a "better" idea and suggested Athenian Express.
