The "Supreme Master" is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  The menu is entirely vegetarian with many vegan options.  

My favorite meal:
three-striped vegetable soup, a spring roll with sweet and sour sauce and kung-pow beef with brown rice.   Mmm, mmm good!

My only complaint is the the restaurant is often very quiet and the wait staff is VERY quiet and reserved.  Still, it's a great place to bring a group of friends and have a good time.
We went and were really surprised at how good the food was. J got a "seafood clay pot" and I got the "Ginger Duck". We also got the "Shreded Pork roll". The Pork rolls were amazing - hands down one of the tastiest things i've had in a while. Turns out that my husband could not eat them due to the peanuts hiding in there, (note to Allergy people) but he got a good taste of it and agreed that it was good. His dinner was the best - the "seafood" having the right consistancy (something that felt like squid, a "shrimp" that was very close to shrimp flavor, and something that I swear tasted like the chinese sasuage from my youth - yummm!) and the sauce tasty and not too salty. My Ginger duck was too salty - the consistancy was ok, but the salt was just too much. After dinner, we ordered the Flan (which was the main reason that we came here in the first place). Sadly, like many veg/vegan restaurants, the dessert was awful. I think the "flan" was agar agar with some applejuice and some brown rice syrup. It was WAY TOO SWEET and looked (and felt) just like snot. Totally non appetising - icky jellowish texture. Service was a bit slow..but I think they view it as "laid back". The atmosphere was lacking as well - bright lights, cafeteria feel. I'd higly suggest for them to bring in more plants, paint the walls something other than pale pink, and tone down those overhead lights. This is not a date spot - just a good place for tasty food.
A typical outing to the Veggie House with my girlfriend  looks like this:

-Start with hot tea and vegetable soup
-A small order of absolutely delicious spring rolls
-Two entrees...usually the House Special Chicken and Broccoli Chicken

Have you ever gone to a restaurant repeatedly and ordered the same thing every time?  Seriously, if I had the eat and drink the above for the rest of my life, I'd totally be cool with it.  This place is golden in my book.

One time, my friend ordered the House Special Dinosaur.  When the waiter gave a confused and funny look, my friend explained that since it isn't really meat anyway, it shouldn't matter what you call it.  Try it sometime.
5 Stars! just because it's the only place I know downtown that caters to us vegetarians in such a creative way. The menu alone will really impress anyone that enters. They have over 60 vegetarian items with fake meat or tofu. It's crazy to imagine what you can try next. 

My favs are the eel, sweet and sour pork and lobster...

You must try it to believe it! I take all my friends vegetarian and meat eaters.
It was nice to have a vegetarian restaurant relatively close to where I was staying!

I started off with the Assorted Platter appetizer, which came with three different kinds of mock meats served on a bed of shredded cabbage - I think it was ham (or duck?), chicken and deep fried eel. All were good and it actually creeped me out for a second thinking that it was real meat (well, at least the texture did).

For an entree, I had the New York Veggie Chicken - it was poured onto a hot plate at my table before being served, which produced a sizzle sizzle effect. It was okay - the mock chicken was good, but the dish itself was average.

I ordered the tofu cheesecake for dessert - very tasty!

I'd go back again for sure, there were so many delicious looking options on their menu...
This is one of our old favorite standards, and I'm constantly amazed at how many meat-eaters enjoy it too!  

We usually try to go for lunch because we love the lentil soup they serve that only comes with the lunch combo.  We usually order something of the same...springrolls and either lemon grass chicken (excellent!), sweet and sour pork, or New York chicken.  Today we were adventurous and tried one of their new menu items, the garlic chicken....wow...it was awesome!  I think it just replaced the lemon grass chicken on my favorites list!  We also checked out their chow mein so we could have some veggies and it was very good as well....a great combo.

They have recently changed the names of their menu items, which I think might be confusing to people because some of the names don't have anything to do with what the actual dish is!  But don't be afraid to ask, the staff is very friendly and they won't be afraid to recommend a dish to you.

The only thing I hate about veggie house is that they are closed on Sunday and Monday!!! =(
Definitely a must-try! The building itself isn't much to look at but the parking lot is always full and that's a great indication of yummy-ness. It caters to both meat and veggie eaters with fake chicken, duck, and beef plates. They also have mock seafood plates as well. 

My friend and I went to check this place out because we had heard so much about it. She ordered the lemon grass chicken and I tried the ginger duck. Both were so tasty and we were kinda freaked out because they tasted just like the real thing. The service was excellent and kudos for the waitress who kept filling up our waters...even AFTER we paid the bill. It's reasonably priced and the food portions are perfect. We even had leftovers.
My god, paint the freakin place... It's incredible how many places don't get atmosphere... I don't want to eat at K-mart (nor do i want to shop at K-mart). What does a few gallons of paint and some decent lighting cost anyway? And update the bar! It is sad when a business owner loses that spark.

Alright, had a few pills... mellowed now...

The food is good - not great - but certainly a paradise of selection for all the vegetarians out there (must be 100 items on the menu). The pricing is amazingly cheap (maybe they could add 10 cents to each dish for paint). The menu threw me at first, as each dish is described as chicken, beef, shrimp, etc.. with a small disclaimer on the front of the menu that they are meat-substitutes.

Anyone else want to donate some time to help spruce this place up (yes, it bugs me that much).
This place is a vegetarian mecca and a lot of the soy meat is gluten free which is a huge perk for people like me. The atmosphere could use some work but the food is good and it is priced well. They have fresh juices and a very healthy vibe. The service is always good and it is never super packed. If you have veggie friends that haven't discovered this place it is a gem.
I found this place right after they moved to the current location, which is a true shame, as that address had neater doors (if I was at the right place), which probably led to a more comfortable eating space than the current General Hospital Cafeteria feel. 

I started taking my orders to go, and have been much happier for it. The staff are friendly, if a bit cold. I don't mean to be offensive or impolite, but I find the looping spiritual lectures on the television in the "bar" (waiter station) to be off-putting, along with the waiters' intent concentration. I think they might have paintings by her on the walls, too. And a portrait. I hate the 1987 dining sets, and I don't like the plastic table coverings. I wish they served wine, but I guess it's probably against their beliefs, so I feel weird about complaining. 

The food is so good, though. I love the stuffed tomatoes, nice texture, and the hot and sour soup is both hot and sour. Sizzling rice soup is also quite good. If you eat in, they deliver the fried rice and you can put it in and hear it sizzle. The tea they serve in the dining room is also missed by taking my food to go. The lemon chicken and sweet and sour pork are my favorite entrees, but I also like the duck and eel selections. The shrimp are so realistic, if not a spot on imitation. I do not particularly care for the juices they serve, but no entree has been unsatisfactory in the years I've been going in. 

I just wish they delivered and had better hours, but I guess it isn't their thing.
Tasty, even if you are not a vegetarian, you will like this place. The food is great, it is inexpensive. The atmosphere is a bit lacking, but two out of three ain't bad.
Its always good times to find an all vegetarian spot in the valley of the sun and Vegetarian House is a supremely awesome spot indeed. I was a little worried when I first opened the menu and there were Chicken, Seafood, and Meat entrees. Then I was assured that they were all meatless.

I had the Ginger Duck and it was like eating duck! Unreal!

The decor needs some help but the food is why I am there.
I have eaten at the Veggie house several times. The food is good, but the service is normally pretty slow. Do not head here if you are in a rush.

I normally get sweet and sour pork. Pretty tasty dish. I have tried some other things, but did not particularly care for them.

This is predominantly Asian based, and pretty heavy dishes.
I used to crush this place when I was veg. It's run by a cult, but if you can get past that it's in the house.

The lemon grass chicken almost had me convinced they were lying about it being vegetarian.  Service is relaxed not slow to clarify on other reviews.

It is especially good to hit up during lunch... really cheap then.  They also sell a lot of their faux meat products if you want to do some home cooking.

Rock the lemon grass chicken and the house chicken they are spot on and safe for non adventurous eaters.

PSA- they're closed from 2:30-5pm between lunch and dinner.
I'm not a vegetarian, but this food was really excellent. We order a ton of food! I'll start with the things we didnt like so much or found odd. I didn't really like the spring rolls which tasted bitter for some reason and the fried rice tasted like it was drowned in soy sauce. It was so salty none of us could eat it but I talk to the waitress and they brought out some more that was just excellent. Also, the Sweet & Sour "Pork" w/ Pineapple had really, really nice flavor but a strange chewy texture. I would order it again because the flavor was good.

We also order the Family Tofu, steamed broccoli, steamed rice, some kind of "chicken" and noodles, and wonton soup. Also, we tried the cheesecake and YUM!!!  All of these were soooo freaking good... OMG! I totally crave this place now!
I've eaten here three times since last year's first visit, and everytime I do, I promise I won't wait longer next time.  Yet, it's been months since my last meal here.  I wonder why?  Maybe it's bec. Phoenix has so many good finds!  A coworker of mine constantly speaks of the lack of good eats in the valley.  I tell him "Nonsense.  You just have to be willing to look!"  

The 7th Heaven (?) salad is delicious, and I love the lemon grass chicken.  Mom wouldn't believe that the "lobster" leftover she raided was vegan.  

Wished management would improve the atmosphere, though.
I have been to better vegetarian Chinese restaurants, but the lunch specials that I tried were good (and cheap).  The faux meats suffer from what the squishy sponge like texture that plague many asian vegan places.  The sweet and sour was drowning in sauce, that didn't have enough flavor.  The chow mein though was really good, though being a carb-lover, I think the noodle to veggie ratio needed to be bumped up a lot.  Service was efficient.
This place is awesome! I love it. The wait staff is very casual about everything (don't go if you are in a rush). The hot tea that they serve you is my favorite! The "meat" and "seafood" dishes could really make you worry that you are eating meat. The stuffed tomatoes are delicious as well as the sweet and sour pork, I also really liked the lemon grass fish. I took a friend who was a Janeist (VERY strict diet!), and he wouldn't believe that it wasn't meat, lol.
The restaurant itself is oddly yet plainly decorated, which always makes me want to come in and give it a makeover whenever I eat there. The service is also slow but the workers are always friendly.

With that said, the food is great. I had the broccoli chicken and the texture and taste was so close to real meat that it was unbelievable. The flavor was great and authentic as well. The ginger chicken is also really delicious and has a nice potent taste. The cheesecake is incredible, it's almost my favorite part of eating here. Even if you're not normally a dessert person, I recommend trying it.

I wish this place wasn't as high priced as it is but the food is definitely cravable and worth it.
The food is fantastic.. who knew you could have so many crazy vegan substitutes for weird meats..  the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (the last time I was there there was a tv showing some sort of religious figure speaking for about an hour) but the food totally makes up for it.
Some dishes are good, some taste like they came out of a can from the Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.

The heaven rice rolls might be my favorite in town, and the lobster dish is fantastic (definitely agree with kate - doesn't taste like lobster, but is delicious nonetheless).

Free tea is always a really nice way to start a meal, too.
I find this quirky little place adorable.

It's one of those rare vegetarian restaurants that offers meatless meat. You veggies out there know what I'm talking about: the spongy soy-based "meat" that both fascinates and repulses us.

